
================================================================================
📋 DOCUMENT: Law_Insider_headhunter-group-plc_1-definitions-4-2-subject-of-the-agreement-20-3-purpose-21-4-requirements-to-the-borrower-for-re_Filed_02-04-2018_Contract
================================================================================
Exhibit 10.4 

LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY “ZEMENIK” as a Borrower 

VTB BANK (PUBLIC JOINT STOCK COMPANY) as an Organizer 

VTB BANK (PUBLIC JOINT STOCK COMPANY) as a Credit Agent 

VTB BANK (PUBLIC JOINT STOCK COMPANY) as an Initial Creditor 

SYNDICATED LOAN AGREEMENT ON THE AMOUNT OF 7,000,000,000 RUBLES DATED MAY 16, 2016 

taking into account the amendments made by: 

Amendment Agreement No. 1 of December 14, 2016, 

Amendment Agreement No. 2 of June 28, 2017 and 

Amendment Agreement No. 3 of October 5, 2017 

Herbert Smith Freehills CIS LLP 

CONTENT 

THIS AGREEMENT for syndicated credit (hereinafter - the Agreement) has been concluded on 16 May 2016 BETWEEN: 

(1) Limited Liability Company “Zemenik”, organized under the laws of the Russian Federation, registered in the Unified State Register of Legal Entities of the Russian Federation under the number (BIN): 1167746153860, with its registered office at Academika Ilyushina st., h. 4, b. 1, office 54, Moscow, Russia, 125319, represented by the General Director Karen Eduardovich Agayan, acting under the Charter (hereinafter - the Borrower); 

(2) VTB BANK (PUBLIC JOINT STOCK COMPANY) as the organizer of the Loan (hereinafter - Organizer); 

(3) VTB BANK (PUBLIC JOINT STOCK COMPANY) as a creditor (hereinafter - the Initial Creditor); and 

(4) VTB BANK (PUBLIC JOINT STOCK COMPANY) as a Credit Agent (hereinafter – Credit Agent). 

IT IS AGREED as follows: 

In this Agreement: 

Auditors mean: 

(a)    in relation to the financial statements of the Group and its members, prepared in accordance with IFRS, Joint-Stock Company “KPMG” or firm “Deloitte CIS Holdings Limited”, or OOO “PricewaterhouseCoopers Consulting” or firm Ernst & Young Global Limited; and 

(b)    in relation to the financial statements of members of the Group prepared in accordance with applicable standards Reporting other than IFRS, any company listed in paragraph (a) above, as well as the company “Moore Stephens” Company “Finexpertiza”, CJSC “BDO” , LLC “FBK” and CJSC “2K - Business consultations” or any other accounting firm approved by the majority Lenders. 

Affiliate mean Subsidiaries or associated company of that person or a Holding Company of that person or any other subsidiaries or dependent companies of such Holding Company. 

Basle II means recommendations contained in the document adopted by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in June 2004, the “International Convergence of Capital Measurement and Capital Standards: a Revised Framework”. 

Basle III mean: 

(a)    recommendations contained in documents published in December 2010, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, the “Basel III: Common regulatory approaches to improve the stability of banks and the banking sector”, “Basel III: International approaches to the assessment standards and liquidity risk monitoring “and” Guidance for national supervisory authorities to manage countercyclical capital buffer of protection”, with subsequent amendments and additions; 

(b)    recommendations for global systemically important banks, contained in the document published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in November 2011 “Global systemically important banks: assessment methodology and additional requirements for the absorption of losses - the text of the rules”, with subsequent amendments and additions; and 

(c)    any other documents or clarifications, the standards published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in connection with the “Basel III”. 

Majority of Creditors mean: 

(a) or the period up to Drawdown Date - Creditors whose credit limit in the aggregate sum amounts to 75 (seventy-five) percent or more of the total credit limit; 

(b) if there is no Outstanding Credit and total credit limit has been reduced to zero - Creditors whose credit limit in the aggregate sum amounts to 75 (seventy-five) percent or more of the total credit limit immediately prior to the date of such reduction;  

(c) for any other period of time - Creditors whose participation in Outstanding Credit in conjunction with their unused credit limit, and the amount to be provided, together amounts to 75 (seventy-five) percent or more of the total amount of outstanding loans, together with the collection of untapped credit limit and the amount to be provided by all Creditors. 

Revenue means, in relation to any of the Borrowers the Borrower’s revenue determined in accordance with the financial statements prepared in accordance with applicable standards reports submitted in accordance with Article 17.1 (Financial Statements). 

Guarantor means each of HeadHunter FSU, Zemenik Trading and Headhunter, and each of the Additional Guarantors. 

The State Party of the Treaty on Double Taxation is a state which has Treaty on Double Taxation with the Russian Federation. 

Civil Code means Civil Code of the Russian Federation. 

Group means for the purposes of this Agreement, Zemenik Trading, as well as Subsidiaries of Zemenik Trading, whose financial statements are consolidated with the financial statements of Zemenik Trading in accordance with IFRS at the relevant time. 

Drawdown Date means each date on which the Loan Agent shall transfer the Loan or part thereof referred to in the Drawdown Request to the Borrower’s account. 

Final Maturity Date of Tranche A and Tranche B means the date falling through 1824 (one thousand eight twenty four) calendar days from the date of this Agreement. 

Final Maturity Date of Tranche B and Tranche G means the date falling through 1825 (one thousand eight twenty five) calendar days from the date of Amendment Agreement #3. 

Interest Payment Date means 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December of each year, and if the corresponding day is not a Business Day, the preceding Business Day specified number. 

Cash has the meaning given to that term in the IFRS. 

Pledge Agreement means each of the following agreements: 

(a) Borrower’s Pledge Agreement; 

(b) Headhunter Pledge Agreement; 

(c) HeadHunter FSU Pledge Agreement; 

(d) Zemenik Trading Pledge Agreement; and 

(e) Each Supplementary Pledge Agreement. 

Borrower’s Pledge Agreement means a contract of pledge of the share capital of the Borrower under Russian law, concluded between the Creditor and Zemenik Trading to secure obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement. 

Headhunter Pledge Agreement means a contract of pledge of the share capital of Headhunter under Russian law, concluded between the Creditors and HeadHunter FSU to secure obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement. 

HeadHunter FSU Pledge Agreement means a contract of pledge of the share capital of HeadHunter FSU under Cyprus law, concluded between the Creditors and the Borrower to secure obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement. 

Zemenik Trading Pledge Agreement means each share pledge agreement in respect of shares in the capital of Zemenik Trading under Cyprus law, concluded between the Creditors, Highworld and ELQ Investors to secure obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement. 

Sale and purchase agreement 1 means share purchase agreement in respect of 100 per cent of shares in the charter capital of HeadHunter FSU, concluded between the Seller as the seller and Trading as purchase dated 24 February 2016. 

Sale and purchase agreement 2 means share purchase agreement in respect of 50 per cent minus one share in the charter capital of HeadHunter FSU, concluded between Zemenik Trading as the seller and the Borrower as the purchaser which provides for payment through accounts of the parties to Sale and purchase agreement 2 opened with the Facility Agent, RCB Bank Ltd (Cyprus) or banks affiliated with the facility Agent. 

Double Tax Treaty means agreement on avoidance of double taxation concluded between the foreign country and the Russian Federation, which provides for full or partial exemption from payment of the Russian Federation on the income tax on income paid to foreign entities under this Agreement. 

Security Agreement means: 

(a) Each Pledge Agreement; 

(b) Each Independent Guarantee; and 

(c) Each Additional Guarantee. 

Assignment Agreement means an agreement substantially in the form of Appendix 4 (Form of a contract of assignment of creditors’ rights), or in any other form, by virtue of which the Existing Creditor (as defined in Article 22 (Replacement of the Parties) assigns its rights and (or) transfers obligations under this Agreement to the New Creditor (as defined in Article 22 (Replacement of the Parties)). 

Document in connection with the Reorganization has the meaning indicated in the Amendment Agreement No. 2. 

Equity Instruments of the Group means shares or interests in the share capital of any member of the Group, as well as options or other instruments securing the right of their owner to acquire or receive shares or stakes in the authorized capital of any member of the Group. 

Borrower means the Borrower and each Guarantor. 

Highworld USD Loan means loan in the amount of USD 27 031 978, provided under the loan agreement between Zemenik Trading (as borrower) and Highworld (as lender) dated 24 February 2016. 

Additional Guarantee has the meaning assigned in Art. 18.5 (Issuance of Additional Guarantees). 

Additional Guarantor has the meaning assigned in Art. 18.5 (Issuance of Additional Guarantees). 

Additional Pledge Agreement has the meaning assigned in Art. 18.5 (Issuance of Additional Guarantees). 

Subsidiary means any legal entity, if another (principal) company or partnership: 

(a) holds a majority of the voting rights in that legal person; or 

(b) has equity participation and has the right to appoint or remove a majority of the members of the executive body of the legal entity; or 

(c) has the right to have a dominant influence on the entity by virtue of the provisions contained in the constituent documents of the legal entity or the management agreement; or 

(d) is a member (shareholder) of such legal entity and independently or in agreement with other members controls the majority of votes in the legal entity; or 

(e) controls such a legal person, 

including any entity, shares or in the share capital of which is subject to encumbrances, and ownership of the encumbered shares or shares registered by virtue of such encumbrances in favor of the secured party or nominee acting in favor of that party. 

Dependent Entity means any legal entity in which the first entity owns 20 (twenty) percent or more (but not more than fifty (50) per cent) of the share capital. 

Representations mean representations of the Borrower in Article 16 (Representations). 

Bankruptcy Law means Federal Law  127-FZ, dated October 26, 2002 “On Insolvency (Bankruptcy)”. 

Credit Histories Law means Federal Law  218-FZ of December 30, 2004 “On Credit Histories”. 

Regulated Procurement Law means Federal Law  223-FZ dated 18 July 2011 “On procurement of goods, works and services of certain kinds of legal entities”. 

Pledgor means the Borrower, HeadHunter FSU, Zemenik Trading, Highworld and ELQ Investors, and each additional pledgor under Additional Pledge Agreement. 

Drawdown Request means the Borrower’s drawdown request as per the form in Appendix 3 (Form of Drawdown Request). 

Intellectual Property means the trademarks, domain names (including websites of the Borrowers), registered to the members of the Group, database and other intellectual property rights that belong to the Group, referred to in Appendix 8 (Intellectual property), as well as similar material intellectual property owned by Additional guarantors (if such an additional guarantor is not the Borrower on the date of this Agreement). 

Extraordinary income and expenses mean any income or expenses, arising as the result of extraordinary circumstances of the Debtor’s activity, and recognized as such upon decision of the Majority of Creditors. 

Key Rate means: 

established on a daily basis under the data at the web-site of the Central bank of the Russian Federation in Internet at: www.cbr.ru or at the other official web-site of the Central bank of the Russian Federation in case of its change. Therewith if the key rate is cancelled and/or ceases to be used by the Central bank of the Russian Federation to establish pricing conditions for providing financing to credit organizations of the Russian Federation, the Key Rate shall be deemed a similar rate, established by the Central bank of the Russian Federation for pricing of refinancing operations by means of REPO transactions and (or) under pledge of nonmarket assets. 

Consolidated net indebtedness has the meaning, stated in Article 18.7 (Definitions). 

Consolidated value EBIT means consolidated profit of the Group before deduction of taxes for the Accounting period adjusted taking into account cessation of operations, taking place during the Accounting period: 

(a) before deduction of any amounts, referring to financial expenses; 

(b) without accounting of any amounts, referring to interests receivable by any Group member; 

(c) after deduction of profit or adding losses of any Group member, referring to non-controlling participation interests; 

(d) without accounting of positive or negative unrealized exchange rate differences; 

(e) without accounting of profit or losses, arising as the result of revaluation of any asset or reduction of carrying value of any asset in case of its alienation by any Group member; 

(f) without accounting the excepted profit for pension plan assets; 

(j) without accounting the profit and losses bearing non-monetary nature from Remuneration plans on the basis of Equity instruments of the Group; 

(g) exclusively for Accounting period, ending on June 30, 2016, December 31, 2016 and June 30, 2017 – without accounting Expenses on Transaction. 

Consolidated value EBITDA means Consolidated value EBIT over the Accounting period, adjusted by means of adding the following amounts, on condition that these amounts were not accounted in the course of computation of value EBIT: 

Confidential information means any information (including personal data) in any form (including oral information, and any documents and information recorded or saved as electronic files or on any other media) about any Debtor, Pledger or member of the Group, Financial Documents or the Credit, which becomes known to the Finance Party, or which is received by any person intending to become a Finance party, from: 

Credit means cash within the limits of Aggregated lending limit, provided by the Lenders as the loan to the Borrower under this Agreement in the form of Tranche A, Tranche B, Tranche C and Tranche D. 

Lender means: 

Lending limit means the amount of money, which: 

(a) in respect of the Initial Lender, the Initial lender shall provide to the Borrower as the loan within the limits of Tranche A, Tranche B, Tranche C and Tranche D in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, and marked in the table in Annex 1 (List of Initial lenders and lending limits); and 

(b) in respect of any other Lender, the respective Lender shall provide to the Borrower by virtue of assignment to its by the Initial lender of obligations on granting the Credit to the Borrower and which may be changed in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

Margin means: 

Intercrediting agreement means the Subordination Agreement, entered into on or about the date of this Agreement between the Borrower, Zemenik Trading, HeadHunter FSU, Headhunter and Lenders about the order for establishment of the turn for satisfaction of the Lenders’ claims. 

IFRS means international financial reporting standards, mentioned in the Regulation No.1606/2002, adopted by the European Parliament and the Council of Europe on July 19th, 2002, in the part, applied to the respective financial statements. 

Tax means any tax, charge, duty or other accrual or deduction of similar nature (including ay penalties and fines, payable in connection with nonpayment or untimely payment of any of the above), established by the current legislation. 

Tax indemnification means release from payment of Tax (application of reduced tax rate or tax indemnification), provided outside the Russian Federation in respect of any Tax, referring to payments under Finance documents. 

Tax deduction means deduction from any payment under Finance document of the amount of any tax or charge, including, in particular, value added tax and income tax (profit), collected from the source, as well as any other similar taxes, which may substitute or supplement the existing taxes in accordance with the current legislation, in the amount and in the terms, stipulated by the law. 

Tax payment means increase of the payment amount, performed by the Debtor to the Finance party in accordance with the previsions of Article 12.1 (Reimbursement of expenses on Tax deduction), or performance by the Debtor to the Finance party in accordance with the terms of Article 12.2 (Reimbursement of expenses in connection with payment of Taxes). 

Independent guarantee means every independent guarantee, issued by Headhunter, HeadHunter FSU and Zemenik Trading in favor of the Lenders. 

Default on obligations means: 

Unspent lending limit means the Lending limit of every certain Lender, with deduction of: 

Outstanding credit means, at each moment of time, money, given to the Borrower as the loan in accordance with this Agreement and not repaid to the Lenders. 

Encumbrance means mortgage, pledge, lien, and assignment, right for writing off from accounts with pre-authorization of the payer or similar right of writing off or other encumbrance, created for the purposes of fulfillment of obligations of any person, or any other agreement, entered into for the purpose of security of obligations. 

Primary financial statement means: 

Drawdown period means a Drawdown period for Tranche A, Drawdown period for Tranche B and Drawdown period for Tranche C and Tranche D. 

Tranche A Drawdown period means the period from the date of this Agreement (inclusive) up to the date (inclusive), occurring 45 (forty five) days after the date of this Agreement. 

Tranche B Drawdown period means the period from the date of this Agreement (inclusive) up to the date (inclusive), occurring 730 (seven hundred) days after the date of this Agreement. 

Tranche C and Tranche D Drawdown period means the period from the date of Amendment Agreement No. 3 (inclusive) up to the date (inclusive), occurring 180 (one hundred eighty) days after the date of Amendment Agreement No. 3. 

Remuneration plan on the basis of Equity instruments of the Group means the agreement, stipulating obtaining by the employees (or ex-employees) of the Group and/or holders of shares and/or interests of any Group member of: 

Sanctioned person has the meaning, stated for this term in Article 22.2 (Cession of rights and assignment of obligations by the Lenders). 

Debt burden value has the meaning, stated for this term in Article 18.2 (Debt burden value). 

Interest coverage value has the meaning, stated for this term in Article 18.3 (Interest coverage value). 

Value EBITDA means the value of EBITDA of any Group member, to be established as of the last reporting date: 

(a) as of the end of financial year or financial semi-year, in accordance with financial reporting of the Group for the respective financial year or financial semi-year (respectively), prepared in accordance with IFRS, provided to the Facility Agent in accordance with par. (a) or (b) Article 17.1 (Financial statements); or 

(b) as of the end of the first or third financial quarter, on the basis of the respective managerial reporting of the Group, provided to the Facility Agent in accordance with par. (c) Article 17.1 (Financial statement). 

Acceptable lender means the Lender, which is: 

Applied Reporting standards mean financial statements standards, applied to any Debtor. 

Seller means Mail.ru Group LTD, a limited liability company, incorporated in accordance with the legislation of the British Virgin Isles, registration number 655058, with the place of location at: 28 Oktovriou, 232, Oceanic Building, office 501, 3035 Limassol, Cyprus. 

Proportional share means: 

Interest period means, as applied to Outstanding credit, each period, during which the interest shall accrue, established in accordance with provisions of Article 10 (Interest periods), and, in respect of any overdue amount, every period, established in accordance with the terms of Article 9.4 (Fine). 

Business day means any day, on which the banks are opened to perform ordinary banking operations in Moscow and Nicosia; except for par. 4.2(b) Article 4.2 (Submission of Drawdown requests) and par. 8.3(a) Article 8.3 (Voluntary early repayment of Outstanding credit), in respect of which the Business day will be deemed any day, on which the banks are opened to perform ordinary banking operations in Moscow. 

Permitted reorganization means transfer of business, including contracts, assets and customers, fully or partially, from Headhunter to the Borrower, as well as transfer or transmission of shares ownership in Headhunter from Headhunter FSU to the Borrower in any legal form, not conflicting with the current legislation, on condition: 

Permitted financial indebtedness means the Financial indebtedness: 

(j) of any Guarantor to other Guarantor of the Borrower; and 

(h) of the Group members to any third parties under credits and loans in the accumulated amount, not exceeding 10 (ten) percent of Consolidated value of EBITDA. 

Permitted payments mean: 

(j) performance during 5 (five) Business days after the Drawdown date under Tranche A of payments by Zemenik Trading: 

therewith, as the result of any payments, stated in par. (a) through (i) of this definition, no negative net assets shall arise with the person, such payments. 

Permitted Redemption means the redemption of own shares or interests in the authorized capital by the Group member, provided that: 

Permitted Loan means loans: 

Transaction Expenses means the amount of expenses for legal consultants and due diligence incurred in connection with the transaction under the Sales and Purchase Agreement 1 in the amount of 45,605,039 rubles (of which 36,281,344 rubles in the first half of 2016 and 9,323,695 rubles in the second half of 2016). 

Estimated Date means the end date of the Calculation Period. 

Calculation Period means, for the purposes of the financial indicators established in Clause 18 (Obligations on compliance with financial indicators), any period of time in duration of twelve (12) months ending at the last day of the financial half-year of the Group or in the last day of the financial year of the Group. 

The Resolution has the meaning given to this term in Clause 23.1 (Resolutions of majority of Creditors). 

RAR means Russian accounting rules in accordance with Russian law. 

Ruble,  , RUB or rub. means currency of the Russian Federation. 

Web-sites of Debtors means web-sites owned by Debtors and listed in Annex 8 ((Intellectual Property Objects). 

Default event means any event or circumstance specified in Article21 (Default events). 

Total Credit Limit means the total amount of the Credit Limits of all Creditors, which at the date of the Amendment Agreement No. 3 is seven billion (7,000,000,000) rubles. 

Total Unused Credit Limit means the aggregate of the Unused Credit Limits for all Creditors. 

The Amendment Agreement No. 2 means the agreement on making of amendments No. 2 to this Agreement dated June 28, 2017. 

Amendment Agreement No. 3 means an agreement on making amendments No. 3 to this Agreement dated 5 October 2017. 

Agreement on issuance of the Additional Guaranty has meaning specified in Clause 18.5 (Provision of additional guarantees). 

Agreement on the issuance of the Independent Guarantee means each agreement for the issuance of an independent guarantee concluded between the Borrower, Creditors, and relevant Guarantor with respect to the provision of the Independent Guarantee. 

Party means the party to this Agreement. 

Financing Party means each Creditor, Credit Agent, and Organizer. 

Amount to be granted means the amount of money that must be provided by any Creditor or Creditors on the Utilization Date specified in the Application for Utilization submitted by the Borrower. 

Substantial Adverse Impact means a significant adverse effect that, in the opinion of the Majority of Creditors, can be rendered on: 

Essential Group Member means any Debtor or any Group member, EBITDA, assets and revenues of which determined on the basis of the consolidated financial statements of the Group as of the last reporting date prepared in accordance with IFRS and provided to the Credit in accordance with paragraph (a) or (b) of Clause 17.1 (Financial Statement) exceed two point five (2,5) percentage of the similar Group’s consolidated indicators determined on the basis of the same financial statements. 

Existing Commercial Contracts means the following contracts between Headhunter as a lessee and OOO “Kalibr” as the lessor for the lease of the Headhunter office in Moscow: 

Group Structure Scheme means the Group structure scheme annexed as Annex 9 (9 (Group Structure Scheme)) or (if the Borrower after the date of this Agreement provided the Credit Agent with a new Group structure scheme) the Group structure that was provided by the Borrower to the Credit Agent at the latest date. 

Credit Agent’s account means the account details of which the Credit Agent informs the Financing Parties. 

Technical Failure means: 

and which was not caused by a Party whose operations were disrupted and occurred for reasons beyond the control of that Party. 

Trademarks of Debtors means trademarks registered by Debtors and Additional Guarantors and specified in Annex8 (_bookmark180 Intellectual Property Objects). 

Tranche means Tranche A, Tranche B, Tranche B or Tranche D. 

Tranche A means the part of the Credit granted to the Borrower under the terms of this Agreement, in the amount of four billion (4,000,000,000) rubles. 

Tranche B means the part of the Credit granted to the Borrower under the terms of this Agreement, in the amount of one billion (1,000,000,000) rubles. 

Tranche B means the part of the Credit granted to the Borrower under the terms of this Agreement, in the amount of one billion (1,000,000,000) rubles. 

Tranche D means the part of the Credit granted to the Borrower under the terms of this Agreement, in the amount of one billion (1,000,000,000) rubles. 

Financial Indebtedness means any indebtedness resulting from: 

(A) under guarantee for the performance of any obligations by persons outside the Group; or (B) on reimbursement to the guarantor, surety under the guarantee, sums of payment under the guarantee, surety; or (C) on liability in relation to right 

to rise a claim for exoneration of any buyer of a traded or discounted receivable, or otherwise, having the economic nature of borrowings in accordance with IFRS. In each case without double counting. 

Financial Document means: 

Holding Company means, in relation to a legal entity, any other legal entity for which the first legal entity is a Subsidiary. 

Headhunter means a limited liability company “Headhunter”, established in accordance with the legislation of the Russian Federation, registered in the Unified State Register of Legal Entities of the Russian Federation under the number (OGRN): 1067761906805, with the place of business located at: ul. Godovikov 9, building 10, Moscow, Russian Federation. 

Cash equivalent has the meaning given for this term in IFRS. 

ELQ Investors means ELQ Investors II Ltd, a limited liability company established under the laws of England and Wales, registration number 06375035, registered at: Peterborough Court, 133 Fleet Street, London EC4A 2BB, United Kingdom. 

ELQ Investors VIII means ELQ Investors VIII Ltd, a limited liability company established under the laws of England and Wales, registration number 9182214, registered at: Peterborough Court, 133 Fleet Street, London EC4A 2BB, United Kingdom. 

HeadHunter FSU means HeadHunter FSU Limited, a limited liability company established in accordance with the legislation of the Republic of Cyprus, the registration number HE 178226, registered at: 42 Dositheou, Strovolos 2028, Nicosia, Cyprus. 

Highworld means Highworld Investments Limited a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the British Virgin Islands, registration number 1802016, registered at: Trident Chambers, PO Box 146, Road Town, Tortola, BVI. 

Zemenik Trading means Zemenik Trading Limited, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Cyprus, the registration number HE 332806, registered at: 42 Dositheou, Strovolos 2028, Nicosia, Cyprus. 

and controlled and to control have an appropriate meaning. 

Subject to the provisions of the Article 2.2 ( (Agent relations), this Agreement is an agreement of mixed type, containing elements of the Credit agreement, agency agreement, and inter-creditor agreement. Accordingly, this Agreement also regulates the relations between the Creditor, between the Credit Agent and the Creditors, between the Creditor and the Borrower. 

In accordance with paragraph 5 of Article 10 of the Civil Code, the conscientiousness of the Parties and the reasonableness of their actions in the exercise of rights under this Agreement and fulfillment of the obligations under this Agreement are assumed. 

The Application for the utilization of the Tranche B can be sent by the Borrower upon receipt of notification from the Credit Agent by the Borrower and Creditors that the Borrower duly performed the Initial requirements for the Tranche B. 

The Application for utilization of the Tranche B can be sent by the Borrower upon receipt of notification from the Credit Agent by the Borrower and Creditors that the Borrower duly performed the Initial requirements for the Tranche B. 

The Application for utilization of the Tranche D can be sent by the Borrower upon receipt of notification from the Credit Agent by the Borrower and Creditors that the Borrower duly performed the Initial requirements for the Tranche D. 

Credit Amount specified by the Borrower in the corresponding Application for the Utilisation can not exceed the amount of the total Unused Credit Limit. 

In the event of failure of any Creditor to grant the Credit on the basis of this Article, the Parties agree that the Credit does not accept any liability to the Borrower or to any Financing Party for refusal to provide the Credit. 

The Borrower shall return the Outstanding Credit by transfer to the Credit Agent’s account through quarterly payments in size and according to the procedure prescribed in 6 ( (Credit repayment schedule). 

If, in accordance with any applicable law, the provision of the credit to the Borrower and (or) participation in it becomes unlawful for any Creditor, then: 

For the purposes of this item (b) “The Beneficiary” means: 

from the date of the Amendment Agreement No.3 (excluding such date), the Commission for early repayment shall not be charged. 

provided that the Borrower (or its affiliate) will provide to the Credit Agent (or its affiliated person) the right to provide the following services (in this case detailed conditions of these services may be agreed between the Borrower and the Credit Agent): 

The interest rate on the Outstanding Credit for each Interest Period is the annual interest rate equal to the sum of: 

The Borrower shall pay to the Credit Agent in favour of the Creditors the interest on the Outstanding Credit in each Interest payment date. 

The Borrower undertakes to pay the commission fee to the Credit Agent (for payment to Creditors) for Credit accommodation at the following rate: 

If the Debtor has effected the Tax Payment, and the corresponding Party of Financing determines that: 

(b)    Such Party of Financing has received such Tax indemnity, 

then such Party of Financing is obliged to transfer the amount to such Debtor which would put such Party of Financing (after such payment) in the same position after payment of Taxes in which it would appear if the Debtor should not make such Tax Payment. 

The Debtor undertakes to reimburse this Party of Financing within 3 (three) Working Days after obtaining of the corresponding claim from the Party of Financing with the amount of its entire expenditures incurred by payment of the amounts of the state tax, stamp duties, registration duties and all other similar Taxes subject to be paid with reference of any Financial Document. 

In the cases stipulated in the Russian legislation concerning the taxes and duties, the amount of remuneration payable to the Parties of Financing is increased for the corresponding amounts of the VAT calculated at the effective tax rate. 

13. ADDITIONAL EXPENSES 

(i)    Additional costs or losses incurred by the Party of Financing with reference of reduction of any amounts either received or payable; or 

(ii)    any additional or increased costs or losses; or 

(iii)    costs or losses related to reduction of any amount subject to be paid by the Borrower according to any Financial Document incurred by any Party of Financing because of the fact that this Party of Financing was the Party to the present Agreement. 

The Party of Financing claiming according to the present Article 13, is obliged to notify the Credit Agent in respect of the circumstances triggered for such requirement and to submit the reasonable calculation of the amount of Additional Expenditures to the Credit Agent and then the Credit Agent shall be obliged to notify the Borrower within 1 (one) Working day in this respect and to deliver the Financing calculation received from the Party to him. 

Provisions of the present Article 13 are not applied if Additional Expenditures: 

14. REIMBURSEMENT OF EXPENSES 

If any amount (hereinafter referred to as the Amount) due and payable to the Financing Party by one or other Debtor according to Financial Documents or based on any court judgment, arbitration decision or court of referees award, has to be converted from currency in which such amount should be paid (hereinafter referred to as the First Currency) into another currency (hereinafter referred to as the Second Currency) or should be calculated in the Second Currency, for the purposes as follows: 

(a)    any claim in respect of such Debtor; or 

(b)    compulsory execution of any judicial or arbitral decision within the limits of any judicial, arbitration or referees court proceedings. In such a case the Debtor is obliged to reimburse the payable amount of the expenditures to each Party of Financing within 5 (five) Working Days upon receipt of the corresponding claim incurred due to such converting including a difference between (A) the exchange rate used for converting of the indicated Amount from the First Currency into the Second Currency and (B) the exchange rate accessible by such person at the time of receipt of the above-indicated Amount by him (her). 

The Borrower is obliged to reimburse each Party of Financing with the amount of all documentarily confirmed expenditures incurred by the corresponding Party of Financing within 10 (ten) Working Days upon receipt of the corresponding claim: 

(i)    impossibility to grant the Loan to the Borrower according to the Request for Disbursement owing to action of any provisions of the present Agreement; or 

(ii)    impossibility for the Borrower to effect early redemption of the Outstanding Credit or its part despite of the early redemption notification presented to the Credit Agent. 

The Borrower is obliged to reimburse the Credit Agent with the amount of all documentarily confirmed expenditures of the Credit Agent incurred subsequent upon the following: 

If it is required at the initiative of the Debtor or according to requirements of the applicable legislation to amend the Financial Documents or to obtain the Creditors’ consent for any action or inaction, then the Borrower undertakes to reimburse the documentarily confirmed and in advance agreed upon with the Borrower in written form or by e-mail amount of all expenditures to the Credit Agent within 10 (ten) Working Days after obtaining of the corresponding request (including fees of legal and other advisers) incurred by the Credit Agent in the course of coordination and respective amendment of the Financial Documents and (or) obtaining of the corresponding consent of the Creditors. 

The Borrower undertakes to reimburse each Party of Financing with the documentarily confirmed amount of all expenditures within 10 (ten) Working Days after obtaining of the corresponding request of the Credit Agent, (including fees of legal and other advisers), incurred by the corresponding Party of Financing with reference of the compulsory execution of any Financial Document or protection of their rights under the Financial Documents. 

15. OBLIGATION OF THE PARTIES TO THE FINANCING TO UNDERTAKE ALL ACTIONS TO AVOID NEGATIVE CONSEQUENCES FOR THE BORROWER 

Each Party of Financing undertakes, upon consultations with the Borrower, to take all reasonable measures for reduction of possible negative consequences for the Borrower which may result in a situation where any amount becomes due and payable or its payment to the Borrower is cancelled according to Articles 8.1 (Illegality), 12 (Taxes) and 14 (Reimbursement). 

16. REPRESENTATIONS 

Warranties and Representations stated in the present Article 16 are to be given by the Borrower to each Party of Financing. Each Party of Financing shall place reliance upon such warranties and representations of each Debtor and their reliability is of substantial significance for the Financing Parties. 

The Borrower and each Affiliated Company of the Borrower possesses legal capacity and authorities for the conclusion and execution of the Financial Documents (a Party of which they are) and transactions stipulated in them, and has received all the required approvals for conclusion and execution of the Financial Documents as per the procedure stipulated in the legislation and his constituent and other internal documents, including approval of the transactions stipulated in the Financial Documents in quality of the large transaction and transaction with interest. The person acting on behalf of the Borrower and each Affiliated Company of the Borrower possesses authorities for conclusion of the Financial Documents a Party of which the Borrower and each Affiliated Company of the Borrower are. 

Conclusion and execution by the Borrower and each Affiliated Company of the Borrower of each of the Financial Documents, a party of which they are, and transactions stipulated in them is without prejudice to: 

Management of economic activities in all aspects, essential in the Credit Agent’s judgment, of the Borrower and each Affiliated Company of the Borrower complies with the applicable legislation. The Borrower and each Affiliated Company of the Borrower file tax accounts in due time and pay taxes within due terms and to the extent stipulated in any applicable legislation in all aspects, essential in the Credit Agent’s judgment. 

At the date of the present Agreement, the Borrower and each Affiliated Company of the Borrower have received all the effective authorizations and approvals required with reference of conclusion, execution, provision of validity and enforceability of each Financial Document, a party of which the Borrower is, and transactions stipulated therein. 

Any notarization with reference of any Financial Document or registration of any Financial Document including that with any State Bodies or organizations is not required with an exception of the following: 

(i)    are executed in compliance with the Applicable Reporting Standards; and 

(ii)     authentically shows its financial situation in every material respect (on a consolidated basis, if applicable) as at the drawing up date, with an exception, in each case, where otherwise indicated in such financial statements. 

Except for the legal proceedings indicated in the Annex 10 (Legal Proceedings) There are no legal proceedings in respect of the Borrower and each Affiliated Company of the Borrower initiated and, as far as is known by the Borrower and each Affiliated Company of the Borrower, and any judicial, arbitration or administrative proceedings are not anticipated, and also no investigation is underway in which result the adverse judgments have been adopted or their adoption is anticipated with high degree of probability, that would be capable to render the Essential Adverse Effect. 

The security posted by each Security Agreement, is security which may be enforced by the Credit Agent as a matter of priority based on decision of the Majority of Creditors. The third parties have neither right (of claim) nor other rights in respect of the property and the assets of the Pledger covered hereby the Security Agreements. 

Any of the Debtors have not granted loans to the third parties other than the Debtors, except for the Permitted Loans. 

As at the date of the present Agreement, payment of any State or registration duties or taxes or charges with reference of the Financial Documents is not required, with the exception of the following: 

Provisions of the Law concerning regulated procurements are not applied to conclusion and execution of the Financial Documents by the Borrower and Headhunter as at the date of conclusion of the Financial Documents. At that, the Borrower makes no representations in respect of application of the Law concerning regulated procurements to any Party of Financing. 

Chart of the Group Structure is factually correct. 

17. OBLIGATIONS TO PROVIDE INFORMATION 

The Borrower undertakes to give the following certified copies to the Credit Agent for all Creditors in a sufficient quantity: 

The Borrower undertakes to procure that each complete set of the financial statements submitted in compliance with the Article 17.1 (Financial statements) is drawn up with use of the same principles of accounting and the same reporting periods which have been used when drawing up the latest presented financial statements of the Group (except for possible change in accounting in respect of capitalization of the internal development). If any Debtor notifies the Credit Agent in respect of changes into the accounting principles or reporting periods for such cases the Borrower undertakes to procure that his Auditors and auditors of the corresponding Debtor submit to the Credit Agent as follows: 

The Borrower undertakes to submit to the Credit Agent as follows: 

The Borrower undertakes to refrain from change the Auditors without consent of the Majority of Creditors except for the Auditors with reference to the financial statements of the Group and its participants prepared in compliance with the International Financial Reporting Standards approved or permitted in compliance with the present Agreement. 

The Borrower undertakes to refrain from change and undertakes to procure that no Affiliated Company of the Borrower would change the Chart of the Group Structure except for the changes provided or permitted by Financial Documents. 

an obligation of the Credit Agent, Creditor or any other Party of Financing (or in case of section (iii), the possible new party) shall appear, by virtue of the legislation applicable to them, to inspect “the client data” or similar client check procedures, and the necessary information has not been submitted earlier by the Borrower, then the Borrower is to submit the information and the documents to the Credit Agent (acting in his own name, on behalf of the corresponding Party of Financing or on behalf of the possible new party) required for the purpose that the Credit Agent, corresponding Party of Financing or possible new party could fulfill requirements applicable to them in respect of check of “the client data”. 

The Borrower undertakes to submit the copies of the payment orders to the Credit Agent confirming the targeted use of the Credit and certified by the Borrower on or prior to the date 5 (five) Working Days after each of the corresponding payments stipulated in section (c) of the Article 3 (Purpose). 

18. OBLIGATIONS TO COMPLY WITH FINANCIAL INDICATORS 

(i)    for the Settlement Period expiring at the last day of the Fiscal year of the Group – based on the financial statements of the Group on the International Financial Reporting Standards (to be submitted in compliance with section (a) of Article 17.1 (Financial statements)) for corresponding fiscal year; and 

(ii)    for the Settlement Period expiring at the last day of the first financial half-year of the Group – based on the financial statements of the Group on the International Financial Reporting Standards (submitted in compliance with section (b) of the Article 17.1 (Financial statements)) for previous two financial half-years. 

The Borrower should procure that the ratio of the Consolidated net indebtedness to Consolidated indicator EBITDA (hereinafter referred to as the Debt Load Indicator) for each Settlement Date is not more than the corresponding value in the following table. 

The Borrower should procure that the ratio of the Consolidated indicator EBITDA to the Interest Amount (hereinafter referred to as the Interest Coverage Indicator) for each Settlement Date is not more than the corresponding value in the following table. 

The Borrower should procure that by the end of each financial quarter the cumulative extent of the Revenue of the Borrower and Headhunter without dual standard for 4 (four) previous financial quarters determined on the basis of the financial statements of the Borrower and Headhunter based on the Russian Accounting Standards submitted in compliance with section (d) of the Article 17.1 (Financial statements) would be not less than 95 (ninety five) percent of a similar indicator in compliance with the reporting of the Borrower and Headhunter prepared in compliance with the Russian Accounting Standards submitted as a part of the Initial Financial Reporting. 

If it was accrued in aggregate for the Debtors as at any Settlement Date: 

then the Borrower is obliged to provide conclusion of the additional guarantee (hereinafter referred to as the Additional guarantee) as well as Agreement concerning issue of such additional guarantee (hereinafter referred to as the Additional Guarantee Issue Agreement) by the juridical person acceptable for the Credit Agent (hereinafter referred to as the Additional Guarantor) within 30 (thirty) days as from the corresponding Settlement Date and conclusion of the Agreement of pledge for one hundred percent of shares and (or) share in the authorized capital stock of such Additional Guarantor belonging to any Pledger or participant of the Group (hereinafter referred to as the Additional Agreement of Pledge) within 60 (sixty) days as from the corresponding Settlement Date, in each case on the conditions acceptable for the Credit Agent. 

The Borrower should procure the following as of the end of each financial quarter, starting from the calendar quarter following immediately after calendar quarter at which the first Disbursement Date falls: 

Assets means the Group’s assets, including as follows: 

At that, the Money funds and Equivalent of money funds of each Affiliated Company belonging to the Borrower, Headhunter or HeadHunter FSU shall be taken into accounts for the purpose of the Article 18.5 (Granting of Additional guarantees) if the following conditions are satisfied as at the corresponding Settlement Date: 

For the purpose of the Article 18.5 (Granting of Additional guarantees), in case of fulfillment of all the conditions indicated above such Money funds shall be counted in the calculation as belonging not to the Affiliated Company of the Borrower, Headhunter and HeadHunter FSU, but directly to the Borrower, Headhunter and HeadHunter FSU in proportion to its participation in an authorized capital stock of such Affiliated Company. 

Money Receipts means the Money Receipts obtained by the Group from Clients within the previous 12 (twelve) months, to be determined on the basis of the financial statements submitted in compliance with section (c) of Article 17.1 (Financial statements). 

Clients means physical and juridical persons, and also individual businessmen who have paid or should pay for the services of the main services of Headhunter (access to recruitment database and publication of vacancies) in compliance with Agreements with Headhunter including those concluded as a result of the offer acceptance in Websites of Debtors. 

The consolidated net indebtedness means in respect of any Settlement Period the cumulative extent of Financial Indebtedness of the Group (without any indebtedness of the participant of the Group to the other participants of the Group) with the deduction of Money funds and the Equivalent of money funds of the Group in compliance with the consolidated financial statements of the Group prepared in compliance with International Financial Reporting Standards as at the last day of such Settlement Period or in compliance with the administrative reporting of the Group as at the last day of such Settlement Period. 

The consolidated net profit of the Group means the consolidated net profit of the Group determined as at the last reporting date that is (depending on the date of determination): 

Interest Amount means the Interest payable/receivable charged on all Financial Indebtedness of the Group. 

19. GENERAL OBLIGATIONS 

The Borrower undertakes and takes an obligation to procure that each Affiliated Company of the Borrower refrain from creation and prevent existence of any Encumbrance in respect of the assets without preliminary written consent of the Credit Agent with the exception of the following: 

The Borrower undertakes to keep from sale, lease or otherwise alienate any assets or property without preliminary written consent of the Credit Agent and undertakes to procure that any Affiliated Company of the Borrower keep from sale, lease and otherwise alienation of any assets or property without preliminary written consent of the Credit Agent, with the exception of the following: 

At that such alienation in compliance with the present section (f) should be executed on market conditions and subject to the following conditions: 

The participant of the Group alienating the Alienated Participant of the Group has the right to effect payment of the Distributable Amount without consent of the Credit Agent at the rate not implicating violation of a financial indicator stipulated in subparagraphs (i) and (ii) of the present section (f). At that, payment of the Distributable Amount may be effected based on results of sale of the Alienated Participant of the Group one time only. The money funds remained after payment of the Distributable Amount shall be used by the seller of the Alienated Participant of the Group by agreement with the Credit Agent. 

(g)    For the purposes of the sections (e) and (f) above the following definitions have the following meaning: 

The Group money funds means the Money funds and the Equivalent of the Money funds, belonging to Group. 

Money funds of the Alienated Participant of the Group means Money funds and the Equivalent of the Money funds belonging to the Alienated Participant of the Group. 

The alienated Participant of the Group means the participant of the Group that is not the Debtor except for the company CV Keskus OU which shares participatory shares in the authorized capital stock are subject to alienation. 

The Debt Indicator means a ratio of the Amount of the Net debt to EBITDA. 

The Indicator of Debt Load After Alienation means the indicator to be calculated in case of alienation of shares or participatory shares in the authorized capital stock of the participant of the Group (hereinafter referred to as the Alienated Participant of the Group) under the following formula: 

Indicator of Debt Load After Alienation = (A - B-) / (D-E), where: 

A means the Consolidated net indebtedness as of the last Settlement Date; 

B means the extent of a part of the Outstanding Credit to be repaid by the Borrower on early basis at the expense of funds gained from alienation of the shares or participant shares in the authorized capital stock of the Alienated Participant of the Group; 

C means the amount of the Credit reset by the Borrower during the period starting at the last date of the Settlement Period and finishing at the date of submission of the certificate containing calculation of the corresponding Debt Load Indicator After Alienation; 

D means the Consolidated indicator EBITDA for the last Settlement Date to be determined in compliance with last financial statements of the Group for the corresponding Settlement Period prepared in compliance with International Financial Reporting Standards and submitted to the Credit Agent in compliance with section (a) or (b) of the Article 17.1 (Financial statements) (or which should be submitted to the Credit Agent in compliance with time period of submission of the reporting stipulated in section (a) or (b) of the Article 17.1 (Financial statements)); and 

E means indicator EBITDA of the Alienated Participant of the Group calculated based on the administrative reporting of the company of the Alienated Participant of the Group for the last Settlement Date on the basis of the calculation method similar to the calculation method of the Consolidated indicator EBITDA. 

Purchase Price means the money funds actually received as a result of sale of the Alienated Participant of the Group. 

The Distributable Amount means the amount of money funds to be paid to the shareholders of Zemenik Trading as a result of alienation of the Alienated Participant of the Group. 

The Amount of Money funds means the amount received in the way of computation of a difference between Money funds of the Group, Money funds of the Alienated Participant of the Group and the Distributable Amount and addition of the Purchase price to the acquired difference. 

The Net Debt Amount means a difference between Financial Indebtedness of the Group (taking into account Financial Indebtedness of the Group before the Alienated Participant of the Group to be recognized effectively after alienation of the Alienated Participant of the Group) and the amount of Financial Indebtedness of the Alienated Participant of the Group (without Financial Indebtedness of the Alienated Participant of the Group to the other participants of the Group) and the Amount of Money Funds. 

EBITDA means a difference between the Consolidated indicator EBITDA and EBITDA indicator of the Alienated Participant of the Group. 

The Borrower undertakes to refrain from acquisition of any assets without preliminary written consent of the Credit Agent and undertakes to procure that any Affiliated Company of the Borrower refrain from acquisition of any assets without preliminary written consent of the Credit Agent, except for acquisition of assets: 

Except for the Permitted Loans, the Borrower has not the right to represent himself as the creditor in respect of any Financial Indebtedness without preliminary written consent of the Credit Agent and undertakes to procure that any Affiliated Company of the Borrower refrain from representation of themselves as the creditor in respect of any Financial Indebtedness without preliminary written consent of the Credit Agent. 

In any case without double-entry accounting. 

The Borrower undertakes to refrain from making the transaction in result of which the Borrower’s Financial Indebtedness arises and to refrain from creation of the overdue Financial Indebtedness, and undertakes to procure that any Affiliated Company of the Borrower shall refrain from making transaction in result of which such Affiliated Company of the Borrower would have a Financial Indebtedness and that any Affiliated Company of the Borrower shall refrain from creation of the overdue Financial Indebtedness without preliminary written consent of the Credit Agent except for the Permitted Financial Indebtedness. 

The Borrower undertakes to refrain from reorganization or reduction of the authorized capital stock, additional capital or another capital, and undertakes to procure that Zemenik Trading and any Affiliated Company Zemenik Trading shall refrain from reorganization or reduction of authorized, additional capital or another capital without preliminary written consent of the Credit Agent, with the exception of the following (i) Permitted Redemption, (ii) payments stipulated in subparagraphs (c) and (d) of definition of “Permitted Payments” of section 1.1 (Terms) in the form of reduction of additional capital of Zemenik Trading with reference of distribution of these amounts in favor of shareholders of Zemenik Trading, and (iii) reduction of additional capital of Zemenik Trading for a total amount not exceeding the extent of the Outstanding Credit relating to the Tranche V and Tranche G, with reference of distribution of this amount in favor of shareholders of Zemenik Trading provided by subparagraph (c) of section 3 (Purpose). 

The Borrower undertakes to refrain from increasing the authorized capital and undertakes to procure that any Affiliated Company of the Borrower refrain from issuance of new shares and increase of the authorized capital without preliminary written consent of the Credit Agent, except for the following cases: 

The Borrower undertakes to refrain from amendment of the constituent documents including amendments related to changes in the organizational and legal form or name of the Borrower, and undertakes to procure that any Debtor shall refrain from amendment of the constituent documents including amendments related to changes in its organizational and legal form or name without preliminary written consent of the Credit Agent, except for changes of technical character and cases when such amendment is required in compliance with the applicable legislation. 

(a)    The Borrower undertakes to refrain from declaring and paying dividends without preliminary written consent of the Credit Agent, and also to refrain from redemption of his shares of participation (with the exception of the cases when it shall be required by virtue of the applicable legislation) and undertakes to procure that any Debtor shall refrain from declaring and paying dividends, and also shall refrain from redemption of the shares or participation shares (except for the cases when it shall be required by virtue of the applicable legislation) with the exception for the following cases: 

When effecting the payments stipulated in sections (ii) and (iii), the Borrower should submit calculation of the Corrected Debt Load Indicator to the Credit Agent not less than 5 (five) Working Days prior to such payment. 

The Consolidated Net profit of the Group has the meaning indicated in the Article 18.7 (Definitions). 

The Corrected Consolidated Net profit of the Group means the consolidated net profit of the Group for the Settlement Period as at the last Settlement Date where such period expires on such Settlement Date, without taking into account: 

The corrected Debt Load Indicator means a ratio as at the last Settlement Date of the amount of the Consolidated net indebtedness (as at such Settlement Date) and Amount of Dividends to the Consolidated indicator EBITDA calculated based on the consolidated financial statements of the Group (submitted to the Credit Agent on the basis of section (a) or (b) of the Article 17.1 (Financial statements)) as at the Settlement Date which has come no more than for 5 (five) months prior to the date of payment of the distributable profit in compliance with the subparagraph (ii) or (iii) of section (a) above. 

The amount of Dividends is determined as the amount of dividends: (i) paid in favor of shareholders of Zemenik Trading within the financial half-year terminating at the last Settlement Date, and (ii) planned for payment in favor of shareholders of Zemenik Trading within the financial half-year beginning on the day following immediately after such Settlement Date. 

The Borrower undertakes to fulfill by himself and to procure that any Affiliated Company of the Borrower shall fulfill all the subsequent conditions relating to him indicated regarding 2 Appendices 2 (Requirements to the Borrower for Credit obtaining) within the time period stipulated in the present Agreement. 

The Borrower undertakes to procure that the extent of the net assets of the Borrower, Headhunter and Zemenik Trading to be determined in respect of the Borrower and Headhunter on the basis of the financial statements submitted in compliance with section (d) of Article 17.1 (Financial statements) and in respect of the Zemenik Trading on the basis of the financial statements submitted in compliance with sections (a) or (b) of Article 17.1 (Financial statements) is positive as at the end of each financial half-year within the period of validity of the present Agreement. 

The Borrower undertakes to refrain from essential changes in the main lines of the economic activities and undertakes to procure that each Debtor shall refrain from essential changes in the main lines of the economic activities without preliminary written consent of the Credit Agent. For the sake of clarity, the present Article 19.15 shall not apply for reduction or termination of economic activities of Headhunter in result of Permitted Reorganization. 

The Borrower undertakes to provide validity of the Existing Commercial Agreements up to the Date of Definitive Repayment of the Tranche V and Tranche G or conclusion of new Agreements on similar conditions, if commercially reasonable, not later than one month prior to expiration of validity of the Existing Commercial Agreements. 

The Borrower undertakes to pay in due time taxes and duties to the corresponding budgets and to effect the obligatory payments to the off-budget funds of the Russian Federation (hereinafter referred to as Obligatory Payments), and undertakes to procure that each Affiliated Company of the Borrower shall pay the Obligatory Payments in due time, with the exception of the following: 

The Borrower undertakes to procure that his obligations under the present Agreement are satisfied as per the same priority as his other existing and future unfunded payment obligations and that any Affiliated Company of the Borrower has provided that its obligations under the present Agreement are satisfied per the same priority as the other existing and future unfunded payment obligations of such Affiliated Company of the Borrower, except for the obligations which primary satisfaction is explicitly provided by the legislation. 

The Borrower undertakes to provide preserving of the Group Structure in compliance with Chart of the Group Structure. The present obligation shall not apply to the actions permitted or stipulated in compliance with the Financial Documents. 

The Borrower undertakes to allow (undertakes to procure that each Affiliated Company of the Borrower shall allow) on demand of the Credit Agent, in case of occurrence and failure to correct the Failure to perform Obligations or in case the Credit Agent would have good causes to believe that occurrence of the Failure to perform Obligations is possible, an easy access to the premises, assets and primary documents (on paper or electronic media) of accounting and tax accounting to the Credit Agent and (or) to his auditors or other professional advisers, including issue of letters of attorney for the corresponding persons, and also to arrange a meeting with the Management of the Group. 

The Borrower undertakes to take at own expense on request of any Party of Financing any actions and to sign any documents and undertakes to procure that any Affiliated Company of the Borrower at own expense take any actions and sign any documents necessary to provide the validity and proper execution of the Financial Documents. In particular, the Borrower undertakes to provide on request of the Credit Agent conclusion at his own expense of: 

as well as commission of all actions required to provide the validity of such Agreements in case of acquisition by any Creditor (other than the Creditors who are the party of the existing Agreements on Issue of the Independent Warranty, Agreement of Pledge of the Borrower and Agreement of Pledge of Headhunter) of the rights (to claim) against the Borrower and (or) obligations in respect of Credit granting in compliance with provisions of the Article 22.2 (Assignment of the rights and transfer of obligations by Creditors). 

The Borrower undertakes to procure that Zemenik Trading shall perform the obligations contained in the Articles 19.2 (Prohibition on Encumbrance of assets), 19.3 (Alienation of assets), 19.4 (Acquisition of assets), 19.5 (Transactions on market conditions), 19.6 (Crediting), 19.7 (Administration of guarantees and sureties), 19.8 (Financial Indebtedness), 19.9 (Reorganization and authorized capital stock reduction), 19.10 (Issue of new shares or increase of the authorized capital stock) and 19.11 (Amendment of the constituent documents) in a manner as likely as Zemenik Trading is directly indicated in such Articles. 

Each of the cases, events or circumstances described in the present Article (except for the Article 21.18 (Acceleration)) is the Failure to perform Case. 

Non-payment by the Debtor when due hereunder of any amount due and payable under the Financial Documents in such place and in such currency in which its payment is stipulated, with the exception of the cases when: 

Disregard by any Debtor of any obligation stipulated in Article 18 (Obligations in respect of observance of financial indicators). 

after the earliest of the following two dates: (A) date of forwarding of the notification by the Credit Agent to the Debtor in respect of such failure to perform, or (B) date on which the corresponding Debtor became aware of such failure to perform. 

Any representation in respect of the circumstances submitted by any Debtor or the Pledger in the Financial Documents or with reference of them appears incorrect, doubtful or misleading as at the time when it shall be submitted. 

Loss of property in which relation Encumbrance is created in compliance with any Agreement on Security. 

Occurrence of any of the cases or events listed below in respect of any Essential Participant of the Group: 

Commitment of any one of the following actions in respect of any Essential Participant of the Group: 

Arrest, confiscation, otherwise compulsory withdrawal of property, suspension or limitation of operations at the accounts of any participant of the Group in the cumulative cost exceeding 100,000,000 (one hundred million) Rubles or an equivalent of such amount at the rate of the Central Bank of the Russian Federation for the corresponding date. 

Any Debtor or Pledger declares the intention to terminate any Financial Document or takes the actions directed on contest or termination of any Financial Document or refuses to perform it (except for situations when it as authorized by the Financial Documents). 

Any Debtor suspends or terminates (or warns of suspension or termination) his major economic activities. 

Auditors of the Group submit the conclusion with the reservation in respect of any financial statements of any Debtor checked up by the auditors. 

Limitation of capabilities of any participant of the Group to perform the economic activities in a result of: (i) deprivation or limitation of ownership rights, nationalization, requisition, confiscation, expropriation or other compulsory alienation of property, which general balance cost exceeds together with the other property of such participant of the Group and property of any other participant of the Group which has been nationalized, confiscated, confiscated, expropriated or is otherwise compulsorily alienated, is 75,000,000 (seventy five million) Rubles, (ii) prohibition or (iii) any other intervention committed by any state structure in respect of any participant of the Group (including, among the other, discharging from the post of the sole executive body, joint executive body or any managerial board of any participant of the Group). 

in each case except for the alienation of any subject of the Intellectual property belonging to the participant of the Group, in case of alienation in favor of the persons who are not participants of the Group, of all shares or participation shares in the authorized capital stock of such participant of the Group belonging to participants of the Group (which owns the corresponding subject of the Intellectual property) if such alienation is authorized by the present Agreement conditions. 

Occurrence of the Essential Adverse Effect. 

In case of occurrence of Event of Failure to perform and at any time after occurrence of any Event of Failure to perform which continues: 

For the purposes of the present Article 21.18 it shall be considered that the event of Failure to perform shall continue as from the time of occurrence of such event till the moment of obtaining by the Borrower of the notification from the Credit Agent in respect of that the Majority of Creditors agree not to exercise their rights stipulated in the present Article 21.18 with reference of occurrence of such event or circumstance. 

Anyway, except for any person in which relation the Borrower has presented confirmation satisfying the Credit Agent (referring to applicable legal acts) that such person falls under any sanctions limiting Pledgers or their Affiliated persons in respect of entering into relationship with such person or maintaining of such relations (hereinafter referred to as the Person under Sanctions). 

For the purposes of the present Article the New Creditor means the person in which favor the Existing Creditor in full or in part assigns the rights and (or) transfers obligations under the Financial Documents indicated in subparagraphs (a) (i) - (a) (v) of section (a) or in section (b) above. 

Any Existing Creditor shall not submit any representations to the New Creditor and shall not undertake any obligations to the New Creditor in respect of the following: 

Each New Creditor shall assure the Existing Creditor, the other Parties of Financing and each Debtor that he has read and understood all the Financial Documents, has conducted (and will continue to conduct) his own independent study and estimation of financial condition of each Debtor and he did not rely on any information submitted to him by the Existing Creditor when making decision in respect of signing of the Creditor Rights Assignment Agreement. 

Each Lender shall have the right, without the consent of the Obligator or another Finance Party, to pledge or create another Encumbrance in favor of any person who is not a Sanctioned Body, in respect of all or some part of its rights under any Finance Document in order to secure the obligations of such a Lender, provided that such Lender continues to fulfill its obligations under the Agreement. 

The cession of any rights, or transfer of any obligations, hypothecation or creation of any Encumbrance in favor of the Sanctioned Body thereof shall not apply. 

23. PARTIES TO FINANCING 

Lenders hereby agree that, in cases dirctly provided for by the Agreement, the Lenders may exercise their rights under the Agreement or perform any actions only in case if there is a decision of the Majority of Lenders or all the Lenders. Most Lenders, via the Facility Agent, and the Facility Agent himself on his own initiative, have the right to raise the issue for discussion and taking a decision by the Lenders. The Facility Agent is obliged to inform all the Lenders about the issue under discussion using SWIFT system, to get together all the Lenders using the SWIFT system and to determine the position of the Majority of Lenders. The Lenders and the Facility Agent agree that the receipt of the relevant messages (approvals, instructions) by the Facility Agent from theLenders who make up the majority of the Lenders, or from all the Lenders using the SWIFT system, will be considered to be the proper decision of the Majority of the Lenders or all the Lenders (hereafter refered to as the Decision). 

Unless otherwise is expressly provided in any Financial Document, any Decisions taken in line with the procedure provided in Article 23.1 (Decisions of the Majority of Lenders) shall be binding for all the Parties to Financing. For the sake of clarity, the Lenders hereby authorize the Facility Agent, and the Facility Agent in his turn agrees to act in line with the Decisions of the Majority of Lenders or the Decisions of all the Lenders in cases, where the existence of such a Decision is expressly set out in the given Agreement. 

The Parties agree that the Lender may perform the functions of the Facility Agent. Each Financing Party (with the exception of the Lender that performs the functions of the Facility Agent) hereby designates the Facility Agent as its agent and comissions him to perform the actions set out by the Financial Documents on behalf and at the expense of such a Financing Party. 

For the sake of clarity, the Parties confirm that the Lender acting as a Facility Agent, has the same rights and obligations under the Financial Instruments as any other Lender, and has the right to exercise these rights, including the right of voting while adopting the decisions, and to fulfill the obligations as if he is not a Facility Agent. 

The performance of his obligations by the Facility Agent under the Agreement does not prevent the Facility Agent from performing any banking transactions with any member of the Group, including maintaining the bank accounts, credit arrangements and deposit sourcing. 

If the recoverable amount received from the Obligators does not cover the amount of expenses or losses incurred by the Facility Agent as a result of performing the functions of the Facility Agent in accordance with the terms of the Financial Documents, the Lender shall have the right to raise a demand before the Lenders (with the exception of the Lender who acts as the Facility Agent), and each Lender (with the exception of the Lender, who carries out the functions of the Facility Agent) undertakes to compensate to him in the amount corresponding to the Proportional Share of the Lender within 10 (ten) Business Days upon request from the Facility Agent, any documented expenses or losses incurred by the Facility Agent (except in cases of gross negligence on the part of the CFacility Agent or an intentional unjust act made by him) as a result of performing the functions of the Facility Agent in accordance with the terms of the Financial Documents in the part not covered by the recoverable amount received from any Obligator. 

The Facility Agent shall not be liable to the Lenders for his actions (or nonperformance) carried out in accordance with the Decision of the Lenders Majority or by the decision of all the Lenders. 

In the event that the terms of the Agreement do not require the Decision of the Lenders Majority or the Decisions of all Lenders, the Facility Agent is obliged to act (or abstain from the actions) at his sole discretion, with the maximum acccommodation of the interests of the Lenders. 

Subject to paragraph (b) below, each Finance Party (with the exception of the Facility Agent) commissions the Facility Agent, and the Facility Agent in his turn agrees to undertake the following actions: 

To receive any payments due to the Finance Parties from the Obligators under this Agreement on the Facility Agent Account, and transfer the amounts received from the Obligators to the respective Finance Party in accordance with the terms of the given Agreement.; 

To receive any Loan Amounts from the Lenders on the Facility AgentAccount and transfer the Loan amounts received from the Lenders to the Borrower in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.; 

To notify the Borrower and the Lenders about the interest rate for each of the Interest Periods; 

To sign, on behalf of all the Finance Parties, the amendments to the given Agreement on the terms agreed upon in the Decision of the Lenders Majority or in the Decision of all Lenders, depending on the nature of the changes; 

To notify the Lenders about the fulfillment (or non-fulfillment) of the requirements stipulated by this Agreement by the Borrower, as a condition for submission of the Utilization Request; 

To send the original or a copy of any document received by the Facility Agent from any other Party to the respective Party for the transfer to this Party, but at the same time the Facility Agent is not obliged to investigate or verify the correctness, accuracy or completeness of such a document; 

To notify the Finance Parties of a message received from any Party containing a description of any event or a circumstance, and a statement that such an event or a circumstance is the Non-fulfillment of Obligations; 

To organize the decision-making process by Lenders Majority or all the Lenders on their own initiative or at the request of the Lenders Majority; 

To keep the register of all the Parties (with the addresses, contact details of all the Lenders at each moment of time, and the Proportional Share of each Lender) and provide a copy of such register with the information purposes at the request of any Party; 

To notify the Lenders on the failure to pay any amount of the Uncovered Loan by the Obligator, as well as any interest, remuneration or any other amounts payable by any Finance Party (other than the Facility Agent) according to the Financial Instruments; 

To handover to the New Facility Agent (as specified iithe paragraph (c) of the Article 23.4 (Termination of the powers of the Facility Agent) in case of the Facility Agent’s termination of powers, all the documents either obtained by the Facility Agent from the Parties, or created by the Facility Agent in the process of performing his duties; 

To perform all the other actions (or to refrain from the actions) that are provided by the given Agreement and the other Financial Documents, or are necessary for the Lenders to exercise their rights under this Agreement or the other Financial Documents on receiving the relevant Decision of the Lenders Majority or all the Lenders, as applicable. 

The Facvility Agent is not entitled to exercise any rights or authorities granted in accordance with the paragraph (a) of this Article 23.3, in case if in order to exercise such rights and powers in accordance with the terms of the given Agreement, the Decision of the Lenders Majority or all the Lenders is required, and the Facility Agent has not received such a Decision of the Lenders Majority or the one of all the Lenders in the manner prescribed by this Agreement. 

The Facility Agent has the right, by notifying other Finance Parties and the Obligators within at least 15 (fifteen) Business Days, to refuse from the obligations of the Facility Agent. By the decision of the Landers Majority, the Lenders may terminate the authorities of the Facility Agent. 

In the event of the Facility Agent’s banking license withdrawal (1), the Facility Agent’s authorities are automatically terminated from the date of thebanking license withdrawal, and (2) the Facility Agent or any Lender who received the information about the withdrawal of the Facility Agent’s banking license,should notify the other Parties of this event (a Notification of the License Withdrawal) during one Business Day following the day when the Facility Agent or a Lender has received the information about the withdrawal of the Banking License from the Facility Agent. 

In case of termination of the Facility Agent’s authorityinitiated by the Facility Agent or on the initiative of the Lenders, the Lenders undertake to appoint a new Facility Agent by the Decision of the Lenders Majority from among the Lenders (hereinafter the New Facility Agent), and each Finance Party and the Obligators hereby confirm their consent to such an appointment. In the Decision, the Lenders determine the date of the authority termination for the Facility Agent and the procedure of natification on the authority termination for the Facility Agent to other Parties (Notification on the Authority Termination). 

The Parties agree that the New Facility Agent will become a Party to this Agreement as a Facility Agent after the decision taken by the Majority of the Lenders on the appoint a New Facility Agent from the date of signing the agreement on amendments to the present Agreement, unless such an agreement provides any different date (the “Date of the New Facility Agent’s Accession). After this, any mentioning of the LFacility Agent in this Agreement will refer to the New LFacility Agent. 

From the date of the Facility Agent’s authority termination and until the date of the Accession of the New Facility Agent, the Parties hereby agree that the Lender’s obligations under the given Agreement will be temporarily executed by the Lender with the maximum Proportional Share or, in the absence thereof, the Lender appointed by the Decision of the Lenders Majority (hereinafter referred to as an Interim Facility Agent). 

The Parties agree that from the date of receipt of the Notification of the Authority Termination or of the Notification the Banking License Withdrawal by the Borrower and up to the date of the New Facility Agent Accession, the Obligators should make all payments provided for by this Agreement on the Accountant of the Interim Facility Agenta. 

If the Facility Agent, whose authority is terminated due to specific reasons, receives any payments from the Parties, he undertakes in line with the requirements of the applicable law, to transfer such payments to the Interim Facility Agent on the same Business Day in order to make the transfer of the corresponding amounts to the Party they are due to. 

The Organizer shall not be bound by any obligations with respect to other Parties, except those that are expressly provided in the Financial Instruments. 

Unless expressly provided otherwise by the given Agreement, on every date when any Obligator or a Finance Party under the terms of a Financial Document are obliged to make any payment in favor of any Party, such Obligator or Lender shall transfer the corresponding amount to the Facility Agent Account (unless otherwise provided in the context of the Financial Document) using the currency exchange rate as of the date of the established payment day. All payments made by the Obligator under this Agreement must be transferred to the Facility Agent’s Account no later than 5 p.m. The Obligator’s payments received on the Facility Agent’s Account later than the specified time, are deemed to have been received on the next Business Day. 

The finances received by the Facility Agent from the Obligator in fulfillment of his obligations before the Lenders under this Agreement, as well as the ones received from the Lender in the result of an application of recovery on the basis of the Assurance Agreements, are distributed among the Lenders according to the Proportional Share of each of the Lenders. 

Each amount of the monetary resources getitng into the Account of the Facility Agent for the other Party, shall be transferred by the Facility Agent no later than 11:00 a.m. the next Business Day to the Party which this amount is due to into the account, the details of which such Party can provide to the Facility Agent no less than 5 (five) Business Days prior to the date of payment. The Facility Agent shall transfer this amount to the appropriate Party after he verifies the fact that the required amount has been received by him in full. 

If the Lender receives an amount insufficient for a full repayment of all the amounts payable by the Obligator under the terms of the Financial Documents at the relevant moment, the Lender shall use such amount to repay the obligations of such Obligator by the Financial Documents in the following order of priority unless otherwise is provided by the law: 

first, to compensate to the Finance Parties the costs incurred in connection with the compulsory execution of their claims to the Obligator; 

second, to pay accrued interest on the Uncovered Loan; 

third, for the repayment of the due amount by the Uncovered Loan on the relevant date; 

fourth, to pay the due fee to the Facility Agent; 

fifth, for the accrued penalty payment; and 

sixth, for the payment of any other amounts owed by the Obligator according to the terms of the Financial Documents. 

The transfer by the Obligator of any finances in compensation of due payments to the Finance Party under the Agreement, bypassing the Account of the Facility Agent, is not a proper performance of the obligations under this Agreement by the Obligator. Upon receipt by the Lender of any payment directly from the Obligator (and not from the Facility Agent), such Lender shall transfer the amount received from the Obligator to the Facility Agent’s Account on the same Business Day for distribution among all the 

Finance Parties according to their Proportional Share in the manner described in the Article 24.3 (Partial Payments). Subsequently, the Obligator will be deemed to have fulfilled ihis payment obligations under this Agreement only in the part of that amount,which has been received by all the Finance Parties from the Facility Agent in accordance with the provisions of this Article. 

The Borrower undertakes to carry out (and undertakes to ensure, that the other Obligators carry out as well) any payments under the Financial Documents without offsetting any homogeneous counter claims that the respective Obligator may have to any of the Finance Parties. 

The Borrower makes all the payments under the given Agreement in Rubles, except for the compensation of the costs to the Finance Parties incurred in connection with this Agreement, which are paid by the Borrower in the same currency in which they have occured, provided that this does not contradict the foreign exchange legislation of the Russian Federation (hereinafter - Currency of the Agreement). The Borrower’s payment obligations are deemed to be fulfilled only if the corresponding amounts are received by the Facility Agent in the Currency of the Agreement. If any amounts under this Agreement are received as a compensation of the Borrower’s obligations in a currency other than the Currency of the Agreement, and the Facility Agent converts the amount received into the Currency of the Agreement, the Borrower undertakes to compensate the Facility Agent his costs related to the conversion of the amount received into the Currency of the Agreement (according to theinternally generated rate of the account bank), as well as to compensate the difference between the amount owed to the Borrower in the Currency of the Agreement and the amount received by the Facility Agent in the result of conversion of the monetary resources received from the Borrower into the Currency of the Agreement. 

If any Financial Document does not describe any payment due date, such payment must be made by the Obligator within 5 (five) Business Days after the receipt of the request of the respective Finance Party from the Facility Agent. 

Any messages sent by the Parties under the Financial Documents must be prepared in writing and may be sent by a courier, postal service with notification of the delivery, by fax, or any other means which allows to make sure that the notification oindeed comes from the Party under the Financial Documents. For the purposes of this Agreement, a letter transmitted using electronic means of communication shall be deemed to be a written message. 

Unless otherwise provided than set forth below, the contact details of each Party for all communications in connection with the given Agreement are the contact details that such Party has provided to the Facility Agent for this purpose.. 

Contact details of the Borrower: 

“Zemenik” Limited Liability Company 

Address: Academician Ilyushin Str., building 4, section 1, office 54, Moscow, Russian Federation, 125319 

Fax number: +7 495 974 64 27 

Email Address: karen.agayan@arpartners.ru 

For consideration: Agayan Karen Eduardovich 

Copy: Highworld Investment Limited: 

Address: Trident Chambers, P.O., Box 146, Road Town, Tortola, Virgin Islands (British) 

Fax number:    +357 22 679096 

E-mail address: info@fiduserve.com 

For consideration:        Stelios Haralambous 

Copy: ELQ Investors VIII: 

Address: Goldman Sachs International, Peterborough Court, 133 Fleet Street, London EC4A 2BB 

Fax number:    +44 20 7522 7070 

E-mail address: greg.olafson@gs.com 

For consideration:        Greg Olafson 

Copy: 

Address: Goldman Sachs,  

Fax number:    + 7 495 645 4186 

E-mail address: Oleg.Bibergan@gs.com 

For consideration:        Oleg Bibergan 

Contact details of the Facility Agent: 

BANK VTB (PUBLIC JOINT STOCK COMPANY) 

Location:    Bolshaya Morskaya Str., 29, St. Petersburg, Russian Federation, 190000 

Postal address: 109147, Moscow, Vorontsovskaya Str, building 43, section 1 

Telex: 412362 BFTR RU 

Phone: +7 (495) 739-77-39 

Fax number: +7 (495) 775-54-54 

E-mail address: loanadmin@msk.vtb.ru, TM21@msk.vtb.ru 

For consideration: Lending Administration 

Each Lender shall communicate his contact details to the Facility Agent, who in his turn shall provide them to any other Party at its request. 

Any Party shall have the right to change its contact details by sending the corresponding notice in advance to the Facility Agent not less than in 5 (five) Business Days. The Facility Agent informs about the change of the contact details all the other Parties. 

If the Party designates a particular division or an official as the recipient of the message, the message will not be considered as a forwarded one if such division or the official are not specified as the recipient. 

Any communication or a document sent by one person to another person in connection with the Financial Documents is deemed to be received: 

when sent by fax or by other means, which allows to reliably identify that the message is sent by the Party on the Finance Documents - on the receipt in legible condition; or 

when sent by a courier - upon the delivery to the appropriate address; or 

when sent per post - upon the delivery to the appropriate address or after 5 (five) Business Days from being handed over to the post office by postal service with a delivery confirmation, whichever occurs first. 

All the notifications sent by the Obligator or addressed to the Obligator are handed over via the Facility Agent. 

Any notification or message sent by the Party in connection with any Financial Document must be in Russian. For the sake of clarity, the text in Russian may be accompanied by a translation into another language, with the text in Russian prevailing. 

If the Borrower sends a request for consent in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to the Facility Agent, then such a request is considered to be rejected if the Facility Agent has not sent a positive response to this request to the Borrower within 25 (twenty five) Business Days from the receipt of such a request. 

If any provision of the given Agreement is or becomes illegal, invalid or unenforceable, this does not affect the legality, validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement. 

Any provision of this Agreement may be amended via a written agreement signed by the Borrower and the Facility Agent acting in line with the Decision of the Lenders Majority, with the exception of the cases listed in paragraphs (b) and (c) of this Article. 

Taking into account the provisions of the paragraph (c) of this Article, the Terms and Conditions of the Agrement referring to: 

the definition of “the Majority of Lenders” in the Article 1 (Definitions); 

deferred payment of any amount under the Financial Documents; 

a margin reduction or the reduction of any other amount due from any of the Obligators; 

increasing the size of any Available Facility or a Cumulative Available Facility or extending the Drawdown Period or changing the Final Payment Date for the Tranche A and the Tranche B or the Final Redemption Date for the Tranche B and the Tranche G; 

any provision of the Agreement that directly requires the consent of all the Lenders; 

provisions of the Article 22 (Replacement of Parties) and this Article 27 (Amendments to the Agreement); 

provisions of the Article 21 (Cases of Nonfulfillment); or 

Changes of the Agreement Currency as defined in the Article 24.6 (Payment Currency), 

also any provisions of the Assurance Agreements may be amended via written agreements signed by the Borrower, the Adpromissor, the Pledger, and the Facility Agent, stipulated that the Facility Agent obtains the Decision of all the Lenders. 

The unilateral increase of the interest rate in accordance with the Article 9.2 (Revision of the Margin Size) by the Lenders occurs on the basis of the Decision of the Lenders Majority. 

A significant change in circumstances, described in the Article 451 of the Civil Code, can not serve as the basis for amending or terminating the given Agreement. 

Each Financing Party agrees to maintain the privacy policy with respect to any Confidential Information and not to disclose it to any third parties, except as stipulated by the Article 28.2 (Disclosure of the Confidential Information). 

The Confidential Information, which constitutes the bank secrecy in accordance with the legislation, is not subject to disclosure. The Finance Party is entitled to disclose the Confidential Information that does not represent the bank secrecy to: 

its Affiliated Entities, professional consultants and auditors if the person to whom such a Confidential Information is provided is informed in writing of its privacy character, and the need for such an information is not available if its recipient must maintain confidentiality with respect to such information by virtue of his professional duties; 

to any persons: 

to whom the Finance Party is handing over (or intends to hand over) any of its rights and / or obligations under the Finance Documents, or who may become New Facility Agents and, in each of the cases, also to the professional advisers of the said persons, provided that such persons (with the exception of professional consultants who duties are required to maintain confidentiality with respect to such information by virtue of their professional) commit themselves to maintaining confidentiality with respect to the Confidential Information on the terms and conditions stipulated by this Agreement; 

with who the Finance Party concludes a Loan Participant Agreement or any other treaty, or payments that can be made with a reference on any Financial Document and / or an Obligator and their professional consultants, provided that such persons (with the exception of professional consultants who by virtue of their professional duties must maintain confidentiality with respect to such information) commit themselves to maintaining confidentiality in respect of the Confidential Information within the terms under this Agreement; 

the ones specified in a procecutor’s request, in the request of the court, the investigative authorities, the administrative, banking or currency supervision authority (including the Central Bank of the Russian Federation), the tax authority or any other state body acting within its competence established by the Law; 

those who are a Party; or 

on the consent of the Borrower or a relevant Obligator; 

any rating agency (including its professional consultants) for assigning ratings to the Financial Documents and / or Obligators; and 

to any credit reference bureau in accordance with the Law on the Credit Reference. 

Each of the Finance Parties agrees to inform the Borrower of the circumstances of the Confidential Information disclosure, which has been carried out pursuant to the subparagraph 28.2 (b) (iii) of the Article 28.2 (Disclosure of the Confidential Information), except the cases, 

when such information is disclosed to a public authority due to the implementation of his usual inspection or regulatory functions. 

The Lenders hereby inform the Borrower on the fact that the information about the Borrower and about this Agreement that is specified inthe Article 4 of the Credit Reference Law will be handed over to the appropriate credit reference bureau in accordance with the Credit Reference Law. 

Each Obligator undertakes to maintain the privacy of all the terms and conditions of the Financial Documents, except for the disclosure of this information: 

to the bank through which payments are made under the Agreement; 

to its shareholders / participants; 

to its Affiliated Entities, professional consultants and auditors if the person, to whom such Confidential Information is provided, is informed in writing of its privacy character. At the same time, there is no need for such information if its recipient, by virtue of his professional duties, must maintain confidentiality with respect to such information; 

at the request of the prosecutor’s office, the court, the investigative authorities, the administrative, banking or currency supervision authority, the tax authority or any other state body acting within its competence as stipulated by the Law; or 

with the consent of the Facility Agent. 

The provisions set forth in the given Article 28 (Privacy Policy) remain in force and continue to be legally binding for each of the Finance Parties within 12 (twelve) months from the earliest of the following dates: 

the date on which all the amounts due by the Obligators will be fully paid in accordance with this Agreement; and 

the date on which such a Finance Party otherwise ceases to be the Finance Party. 

The present agreement as well as the rights and obligations of the Parties arising on the basis of this agreement are regulated by the legislation of the Russian Federation and are subject to interpretation according to it. 

a) Any argument according to this Agreement, including the interpretation of its provisions, its existence, validity or termination, is subject to the pre-trial regulation by sending of one of the Parties to another Party the relevant claim (requirement). In case of non-receipt by one of the Parties of the answer to the sending claim and non-settlement of the argument within 10 (ten) Working Days from the date of receipt of the relevant claim (requirement) of another Party, the consideration of such an argument may be judicially submitted for permission in accordance with the subparagraph (b) mentioned below. 

b) According to the provisions of the subparagraph (a) mentioned above, in case of any argument arise concerning the present Agreement including the interpretation of its provisions, its existence, validity or termination, such an argument is subject to consideration by the Arbitration Court of Moscow. Each Financing Party, which intends to present a claim to the Borrower in accordance with this Article N 30, is obliged to notify about such intention the other Financing Parties (by sending the relevant information to the Credit Agent). 

The Present Agreement is signed by the Parties in 3 (three) original copies, which have equal legal force in the form of the one document. 

The Present Agreement is concluded on the date indicated at the beginning of this Agreement. 

APPENDIX 1 

LIST OF INITIAL CREDITORS AND CREDIT LIMITS 

APPENDIX 2 

REQUIREMENTS TO THE BORROWER TO OBTAIN CREDIT 

PART 1 

THE DOCUMENTS PROVIDED BEFORE THE SENDING OF THE APPLICATION TO THE SELECTION ACCORDING TO THE TRANCHE A 

Each Financial Document which is appropriately confined by its every Party. 

The following legal conclusions are: 

each of them is prepared by the form acceptable to the Credit Agent, until the signing of this Agreement and is addressed to the Financing Parties that are such on the date of the relevant conclusion. 

PART 2 

DOCUMENTS PROVIDED AFTER SENDING THE APPLICATION FOR SELECTION ACCORDING TO THE TRANCHE A – THE NEXT CONDITIONS 

PART 3 

DOCUMENTS PROVIDED BEFORE SENDING THE APPLICATION FOR SELECTION ACCORDING TO THE TRANCHE B 

(the indicators shown above in paragraphs (a) to (c) are compared for the period from the beginning of the calendar year, in which such indicators are tested, to the same period of 2015.) 

PART 4 

DOCUMENTS PROVIDED BEFORE SENDING THE APPLICATION FOR SELECTION ACCORDING TO THE TRANCHE C 

PART 5 

DOCUMENTS PROVIDED BEFORE SENDING THE APPLICATION FOR SELECTION ACCORDING TO THE TRANCHE D 

APPENDIX 3 

FORM OF DRAWDOWN REQUEST 

Dear Sirs, 

The agreement on granting of a syndicated credit in the amount of 7,000,000,000 roubles dated (.) (including changes and annexes) (hereinafter referred to as the “Agreement”) 

Best regards, 

Authorised Representative 

(the Borrower’s name) 

APPENDIX 4 

FORM OF ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT 

THE AGREEMENT 

OF THE RIGHTS (REQUIREMENTS) ASSIGNMENT (AND THE DEBT TRANSFER) 

                                                         (.) date 

BETWEEN 

(THE EXISTING CREDITOR) 

(THE NEW CREDITOR) 

AND 

(THE CREDIT AGENT) 

THE PRESENT AGREEMENT OF THE RIGHTS (REQUIREMENTS) ASSIGNMENT (AND THE DEBT TRANSFER) (hereinafter referred to as the Creditor’s Assignment Agreement) is concluded (.) date 

BETWEEN: 

THE PARTIES AGREED about the following: 

The terms defined in the Credit Agreement have the same meaning in this Creditor’s Assignment Agreement unless they are otherwise given in this Creditor’s Assignment Agreement. 

In the present Credit’s Assignment Agreement the terms are: 

The Bank Account is the bank account of the Existing Creditor specified in the clause 4 (b) of this Creditor’s Rights Assignment Agreement. 

The Transaction Date is (the date of this Creditor’s Assignment Agreement) / (indicate the agreed-upon calendar date in which the assignment of rights (claims) and transfer of the debt will occur). 

(Debt is the obligation of the Existing Creditor to provide the Borrower with a Credit within its Unused Credit Limit that is equal to the Creditor’s Rights Assignment on the date of this Agreement (● [Rubles] [US Dollar] [Euro].) 

The Borrower is (open / public) / (closed) joint stock company) / (limited liability company) established in accordance with the legislation of the Russian Federation registered in the Unified State Register of Legal Entities of the Russian Federation under the number (OGRN): (.), with the place of location according to the address: (address) (, in the person of (indicate the full name), acting on the basis of (the power of attorney) (the Charter)). 

A credit agreement is the agreement on the provision of a syndicated credit in the amount of 7,000,000,000 rubles dt May 16, 2016, concluded, among other things, between the Existing Creditor and the Borrower (including the changes and additions). 

(Rights of Claim are the rights to demand the return of the Outstanding Credit in the amount (specify the amount of the credit provided to the Borrower by the Existing Creditor on the date of this assignment agreement), interests, and other payments, due to the Existing Creditor from the Borrower under the terms of the Credit Agreement, and also the rights of claims for each of the Collateral Agreements and each Independent Guarantee). 

The Parties are the Existing Creditor, the New Creditor, and the Credit Agent, and the Party is each of them. 

The Notification is the drawn up in accordance with Annex 1 to the Assignment Agreement of the Creditor’s Rights form notice of assignment of the Rights (Requirements) (and transfer of the Debt) of the Existing Creditor under the Credit Agreement on the terms of this Creditor’s Assignment Agreement to the Borrower by the Existing Creditor. 

The Rights Price (Requirements) is the amount in the sum of (●) ((●)) [Rubles] [Dollars USA] [Euro]. 

All the payments under the present Creditor’s Rights Assignment Agreement are to be executed by the bank transfer on the following requisites: 

The beneficiary: (●) 

The location: (●) 

The Bank: (●) 

SWIFT: (●) 

IBAN: (●) 

The Bank account: (●) 

or another account indicated by the New Creditor in a written form. 

The beneficiary: (●) 

The location: (●) 

The Bank: (●) 

SWIFT: (●) 

The correspondent account: (●) 

The current account: (●) 

BIC: (●) 

or another account indicated by the Existing Creditor in a written form. 

Any notifications or other official documents, sent in accordance with the present Creditor’s Rights Assignment Agreement, shall be made in a written form and may be delivered personally, sent by fax or registered mail with a delivery receipt to the following addresses: 

(●) 

Attention: (●) 

e-mail: (●) 

Telephone: (●) 

Fax: (●) 

(●) 

Attention: (●) 

e-mail: (●) 

Telephone: (●) 

Fax: (●) 

Attention: (●) 

e-mail: (●) 

Telephone: (●) 

Fax: (●) 

The present Creditor’s Rights Assignment Agreement is regulated by the Russian Law. 

Should any dispute arise in connection with the present Creditor’s Rights Assignment Agreement including the interpretation of its provisions, its existence, validity or termination, such a dispute shall be subject to review in The Arbitration Court of Moscow. 

The present Creditor’s Rights Assignment Agreement is signed in 3 (three) copies, one copy for each Party of the Creditor’s Rights Assignment Agreement. 

ANNEX 1 TO THE CONTRACT OF ASSIGNMENT OF THE CREDITOR’S RIGHTS 

FORM OF NOTIFICATION OF THE BORROWER 

NOTIFICATION OF THE CONDUCTED ASSIGNMENT OF CLAIMS [AND TRANSFER OF DEBT] 

Hereby, [●], registration number [●], location: [●] (the Current Creditor) notifies [●], OGRN [●], location: Russian Federation, [●] (the Borrower) on the transfer of all rights (claims) [and transfer of debt] under a syndicated loan agreement between the Borrower and the Current Creditor from [●] (Loan Agreement), from the Current Creditor to [●], location: [●] (the New creditor) on the terms specified in the contract of assignment of rights (claims) [and transfer of debt] between the Current Creditor and the New creditor, contained in Annex 1. 

[After receiving this notification, the Borrower shall continue to fulfill his payment obligations to the New Creditor under the Loan Agreement to the Credit Agent in accordance with the provisions of the Loan Agreement.] 

Annex 1: A copy of the contract of assignment of rights (claims) [and transfer of debt] between the Current Creditor and the New Creditor. 

/place of seal/ 

SIGNATURES OF PARTIES 

ANNEX 5 

FORM OF CONFIRMATION OF FINANCIAL INDICATORS 

PART 1 

FORM FOR CONFIRMATION OF COMPLIANCE WITH FINANCIAL INDICATORS 

ON THE BASIS OF IFRS 

under the Agreement on the provision of a syndicated loan for the amount of [●] dated [●] 

Sender: (name of the Borrower) (details of the Borrower) 

Recipient: (name of the Credit agent) details of the Credit agent) 

Auditor: (name of the Auditor) (details of the Auditor) 

Date: [●] 

Annex 1 

FINANCIAL INDICATORS OF THE BORROWER AS OF THE SETTLEMENT DATE 

PART 2 

FORM FOR CONFIRMATION OF COMPLIANCE WITH FINANCIAL INDICATORS ON THE BASIS OF MANAGEMENT AND RUSSIAN ACCOUNTING STANDARDS REPORTS 

under the Agreement on the provision of a syndicated loan for the amount of [●] dated [●] 

Sender: (name of the Borrower) (details of the Borrower) 

Recipient: (name of the Credit agent) details of the Credit agent) 

Date: [●] 

Annex 1 

FINANCIAL INDICATORS OF THE BORROWER AS OF THE SETTLEMENT DATE 

ANNEX 6 

LOAN REPAYMENT SCHEDULE 

PART 1 

LOAN PAYMENT SCHEDULE ON TRANCHE A AND TRANCHE B 

PART 2 

LOAN PAYMENT SCHEDULE ON TRANCHE C AND TRANCHE D 

ANNEX 7 

CURRENT FINANCIAL DEBT 

ANNEX 8 

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY ITEMS 

ANNEX 9 

GROUP STRUCTURE CHART 

ANNEX10 

LITIGATION 

Pending judicial proceedings as of April 14, 2016: 

ANNEX 11 

LIST OF CURRENT DEBTS 

ANNEX 12 

LIST OF RUSSIAN BANKS 

SIGNATURES OF THE PARTIES 

The Borrower 

LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY “ZEMENIK” 

Signature: 

Full name: Agayan Karen Eduardovich 

Position: Director General 

Manager 

VTB BANK (PUBLIC JOINT STOCK COMPANY) 

Signature: 

Full name: Buzovera Vitaly Nikolaevich 

Position: Representative by proxy 

The Credit Agent 

VTB BANK (PUBLIC JOINT STOCK COMPANY) 

Signature: 

Full name: Buzovera Vitaly Nikolaevich 

Position: Representative by proxy 

The Original Creditor 

VTB BANK (PUBLIC JOINT STOCK COMPANY) 

Signature: 

Full name: Buzovera Vitaly Nikolaevich 

Position: Representative by proxy 

Exhibit 10.4 

EXECUTION VERSION 

December 29, 2017 

ZEMENIK LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 

as the Borrower 

VTB BANK (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY) 

as the Arranger 

VTB BANK (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY) 

as the Facility Agent 

VTB BANK (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY) 

as the Original Lender 

AMENDMENT AGREEMENT NO. 4 

TO SYNDICATED FACILITY AGREEMENT FOR 

RUB 7,000,000,000 DATED MAY 16, 2016 

Herbert Smith Freehills CIS LLP 

CONTENTS 

2 

THIS AMENDMENT AGREEMENT NO. 4 TO THE SYNDICATED FACILITY AGREEMENT (hereinafter referred to as the Agreement) was made on December 29, 2017 between: 

PREAMBLE 

THE PARTIES AGREED as follows: 

In this Agreement: 

Effective Date shall have the meaning specified in sub-Clause (a) of Clause 5 (Limitations). 

Unlimited Guarantee shall have the meaning assigned to this term in sub-Clause 2.1(d) of Clause 2 (Consents). 

New Finance Documents shall mean the Finance Documents listed in Clause 1 (New Finance Documents) of Appendix  1 (Conditions Precedent). 

Final Effective Date shall mean the date in 60 (Sixty) days after the date of this Agreement. 

A Party shall mean a party to this Agreement. 

Unless the context requires otherwise, the capitalized terms used in the Facility Agreement and not defined in this Agreement shall have the same meaning as in the Facility Agreement. 

3 

The provisions of Clause 1.2 (Construction) of the Facility Agreement shall apply to this Agreement as if they were stated in this Agreement, while references to the Clauses, sub-Clauses and Appendixes shall be considered as references to the Clauses, sub-Clauses and Appendixes to this Agreement unless the context requires otherwise. 

This Agreement shall be a Finance Document. 

provided that the Borrower shall provide (or ensure that Zemenik Trading provides) to the Facility Agent the following documents within 15 (Fifteen) Business Days after completion of registration of the said changes: 

4 

5 

provided that: 

(i) the amount of reduction equal to 3,422,874,344.59 (three billion four hundred twenty-two million eight hundred seventy-four thousand three hundred and forty-four, 59/100) Roubles or EUR 39,867,480.25 (thirty nine million eight 

6 

hundred sixty seven thousand four hundred and eighty, 25/100) (provided that such reduction amount of share premium account in euro shall not exceed the relevant amount specified in Roubles) (the “Total Distribution Amount”) shall be wholly offset against payments to shareholders of Zemenik Trading as share premium which is in excess of the wants of Zemenik Trading in the following proportion: 

(ii) such reduction of the share premium account shall take place not later than on June 30, 2018; 

(iii) obligations of Zemenik Trading to allocate the Total Distribution Amount to its shareholders as share premium which is in excess of the wants of Zemenik Trading shall be set off against the obligations of the shareholders to repay the loans which have been granted by Zemenik Trading as the Permitted Payments; and 

(iv) such reduction of the share premium account shall not result in negative own capital of Zemenik Trading. 

“terminated as the result of conclusion between the parties of the respective deed of pledge termination on the date of Amendment Agreement No. 4” 

7 

“Unlimited Guarantee shall have the meaning assigned to this term in Amendment Agreement No. 4.” 

“Amendment Agreement No. 4 shall mean amendment agreement No. 4 hereto dated December 29, 2017.” 

“, except for the Unlimited Guarantee” 

For the purposes of this sub-Clause (b) “Beneficiary” shall mean: 

“or a claim under the Unlimited Guarantee is brought against Zemenik Trading.” 

8 

occur on the same date, with such date being 5 October 2022. 

The Parties agreed to excluded paragraphs (c) and (d) of sub-Clause 3.1 of Clause 3 (Consent to Reorganization) of Amendment Agreement No. 2 from the date of this Agreement. 

6.1. If the Placement does not take place before December 30, 2018, the Borrower undertakes, by March 31, 2019: 

(a) to provide for execution of the deed of pledge of 100% (One hundred percent) of shares of Zemenik Trading (subject to splitting or additional issue of shares, if applicable) in favor of the Facility Agent in the form and contents similar to the Deeds of Pledge of Zemenik Trading; and 

(b) to provide for submission by Zemenik Trading to the Facility Agent of evidence of termination of the Unlimited Guarantee or a written confirmation in the form acceptable for the Facility Agent that the Unlimited Guarantee was not issued. 

9 

7.1. The Borrower shall, not later than on the Final Effective Date, pay to the Facility Agent (for payment to the Lenders) the fee for issue of consents and introduction of amendments into the Facility Agreement as stipulated by this Agreement in the amount of USD 300,000. 

7.2. The fee set forth in Clause 7.1 above shall not be refunded to the Borrower. 

The Borrower shall, within 60 (Sixty) days from the date of this Agreement, provide to the Facility Agent with the notarized translations into Russian of the documents listed in Appendix 1(Conditions Precedent) which have been executed in a foreign language and provided with apostille. 

This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Parties arising out of this Agreement shall be governed and construed in compliance with the legislation of the Russian Federation. 

This Agreement shall be signed by the Parties in 3 (Three) original copies being of equal legal force in the form of one document. 

This Agreement is concluded on the date first written above. 

10 

APPENDIX 1 

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 

11 

12 

The following legal opinions: 

each made in the form acceptable for the Facility Agent, before signing this Agreement and addressed to the Finance Parties in such capacity as of the date of the respective opinion. 

13 

SIGNATURES OF THE PARTIES 

Borrower 

ZEMENIK LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 

Signature: 

14 

15 

HERBERT 

SMITH 

FREEHILLS 

77 A B 5271477 

October 5, 2017 

ZEMENIK TRADING LIMITED 

as the Pledgor 

and 

BANK VTB (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY) 

as the Pledgee 

AMENDMENT AGREEMENT No. 1 

to the Agreement of Pledge of a Participatory Interest in the Authorized Capital 

Zemenik LLC dated May 26, 2016 

Herbert Smith Freehills CIS LLP 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

THIS AMENDMENT AGREEMENT No. 1 OF THE AGREEMENT OF PLEDGE OF A PARTICIPATORY INTEREST IN THE AUTHORIZED CAPITAL OF ZEMENIK LLC (the “Agreement”) was executed on the fifth of October, the year two thousand seventeen, between: 

PREAMBLE 

THE PARTIES HAVE AGREED as follows: 

In this Agreement: 

“Effective Date” means the effective date of Amendment Agreement No. 3. 

“Revised Participatory Interest Pledge Agreement” means the Participatory Interest Pledge Agreement as amended according to this Agreement in the form provided in Appendix 1 (the “Revised Participatory Interest Pledge Agreement”). 

“Amendment Agreement No. 3” has the meaning specified in Clause (B) of the Preamble. 

“Party” means a party hereto. 

Unless the context requires otherwise, any capitalized terms used in the Loan Agreement and the Participatory Interest Pledge Agreement which are not defined herein have the same meaning as in the Loan Agreement and the Participatory Interest Pledge Agreement. 

The provisions of Article 1.2 (Interpretation) of the Loan Agreement shall apply to this Agreement as if they are written in this Agreement; any references to Articles, Clauses and Appendices shall be deemed references to Articles, Clauses and Appendices hereof, unless the context requires otherwise. 

This Agreement is a Financial Document. 

The Parties agree that since the Effective Date the Participatory Interest Pledge Agreement shall be amended to be read in the wording specified in Appendix 1 (the “Revised Participatory Interest Pledge Agreement); and the rights and obligations of the Parties under the Participatory Interest Pledge Agreement shall be governed and construed under the terms and conditions of the Revised Participatory Interest Pledge Agreement since the Effective Date. 

In respect of this Agreement, the Pledgor shall submit: 

This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Parties arising out of this Agreement shall be governed and construed by the laws of the Russian Federation. 

If any dispute arises in connection with this Agreement, including, but not limited to, any dispute concerning its provisions, existence, validity or termination, such dispute shall be settled by the Moscow Arbitrazh Court. 

This Agreement is executed in three counterparts, one to be kept in the files of Roman Vasilyevich Ryabov, a notary of Moscow, at the address: 9, Krasnoproletarskaya St., Moscow, one for the Pledgee, and one for the Pledgor. 

This Agreement has been read to the Parties out loud prior to its signing, the Parties that signed this Agreement confirm that the contents hereof is fully clear to the Parties. All remarks of the Parties have been taken into account in this Agreement, the Parties do not have any other proposals concerning the contents hereof. The contents of Articles 334–358, 450 and 452 of the Civil Code have been explained to the Parties by the notary. 

This Agreement has been entered into on the date stated at the beginning of this Agreement. 

APPENDIX 1 

REVISED PARTICIPATORY INTEREST PLEDGE AGREEMENT 

AGREEMENT OF PLEDGE OF A PARTICIPATORY 

INTEREST IN THE AUTHORIZED CAPITAL OF 

ZEMENIK LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 

Moscow 

The Twenty-Sixth of May Twenty Sixteen 

(as amended by Amendment Agreement No. 1 dated October 5, 2017) 

BANK VTB (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY) (SHORT NAME: BANK VTB (PJSC)) (OGRN 1027739609391, INN 7702070139), General License for Banking Operations No. 1000, registered at its establishment by the Central Bank of the Russian Federation on October 17, 1990, No. 1000, entered into the Unified State Register of Legal Entities on November 22, 2002, (certificate of making an entry in the Unified State Register of Legal Entities concerning a legal entity being registered prior to July 01, 2002, series 77 No. 005374791, issued by Interdistrict Inspectorate of the Ministry of the Russian Federation for Taxes and Levies No. 39 for Moscow on November 22, 2002), located at: 29, Bolshaya Morskaya St., Saint Petersburg, the Russian Federation, 190000), represented by Vitaly Nikolaevich Buzoverya, acting under Power of Attorney No. 350000/25  , certified on January 14, 2016, under register number 2-25, hereinafter referred to as the “Pledgee”, on the one hand, and 

ZEMENIK TRADING LIMITED, registration number HE 332806, address (location) of the legal entity: 42 Dositheou, Strovolos 2028, Nicosia, Cyprus, represented by Yana Vladimirovna Cheremukhina, acting under the Power of Attorney dated May 12, 2016, hereinafter referred to as the “Pledgor”, on the other hand, collectively referred to as the “Parties”, 

for a due, timely and complete fulfillment of all current and future Company’s obligations under the Loan Agreement (as defined hereinafter), have entered into this agreement as follows: 

PREAMBLE 

IN VIEW OF THE FOREGOING, the Parties have agreed as follows: 

For the purposes of this Agreement: 

“Civil Code” means collectively: (a) “Civil Code of the Russian Federation (Part I)” No. 51-  dated November 30, 1994, (as amended); (b) “Civil Code of the Russian Federation (Part 

II)” No. 14-  dated January 26, 1996, (as amended); (c) “Civil Code of the Russian Federation (Part III)” No. 146-  dated November 26, 2001, (as amended) and (d) “Civil Code of the Russian Federation (Part IV)” No. 230-  dated December 18, 2006, (as amended). 

“Agreement” means this Agreement of Pledge of a Participatory Interest in the Authorized Capital. 

“EGRUL” means the Unified State Register of Legal Entities. 

“Law on Regulated Procurement” means Federal Law of the Russian Federation No. 223-  dated July 18, 2011, “On Procurement of Goods, Works, Services by Separate Types of Legal Entities”. 

“Loan” means funds within the Aggregate Loan Limit granted by the Lenders to the Company under the Loan Agreement as Tranche A, Tranche B, Tranche C, and Tranche D. 

“Loan Agreement” has the meaning specified in Clause (A) of the Preamble to this Agreement. 

“Company” means Zemenik Limited Liability Company, Taxpayer Identification Number (INN): 7714373561, Primary State Registration Number (OGRN): 1167746153860, state registration date: February 11, 2016, name of the registration authority: Interdistrict Inspectorate of the Federal Tax Services No. 46 for Moscow, certificate of state registration of the legal entity: series 77 No. 017705664, Tax Registration Reason Code (KPP): 771401001, location of the legal entity: 4 Akademika Ilyushina St., bld. 1, office 54, Moscow, the Russian Federation. 

“Obligations” means all Company’s current and future obligations under the Loan Agreement, including, but not limited to those specified in Clause 2.3 hereof. 

“Appraiser’s Report” means such report on the market value of the Collateral as prepared by an independent appraiser appointed under Article 4 (Conditions of and Procedure for Enforcement of the Collateral) hereof for determining a disposal price of the Collateral in the enforcement cases provided for hereby. 

“Collateral” means such participatory interest in the authorized capital of the Company which belongs to the Pledgor and which is specified in Clause 2.1 hereof. 

“Ruble” means a legal tender of the Russian Federation. 

“Amendment Agreement No. 3” means Amendment Agreement No. 3 to the Loan Agreement dated October 5, 2017. 

“Party/Parties” means the Pledgor and the Pledgee, together or separately, depending on the context. 

“Notice” means such notice of an extra-judicial enforcement of the Collateral as sent to the Pledgor and the Company. 

Other concepts and terms used in this Agreement have the same meanings as in the Loan Agreement, unless otherwise expressly follows from the context of this Agreement. 

such consideration being accrued for the Disbursement Period of Tranche A and the Disbursement Period of Tranche B, respectively, and paid as follows: 

A fee for the obligation of granting of the Loan shall not apply to the Unused Loan Limit in terms of Tranche B and Tranche D. 

prior to the Disbursement Date of a respective Tranche. 

The Pledgor shall: 

Within 11 (Eleven) Business Days from the signing hereof, provide the Pledgee acting as the Credit Agent under the Loan Agreement with an original extract from the EGRUL proving: 

The Pledgor shall ensure that the Company does not, without the prior written consent of the Pledgee acting as the Credit Agent under the Loan Agreement, carry out any reorganization or reduction of its authorized capital, except for the Permitted Redemption if such Permitted Redemption results in the fact that the pledge hereunder will cover all 100 (one hundred) percent of participatory interest in the authorized capital of the Company. 

The Pledgor shall ensure that the Company does not increase the authorized capital without the prior written consent of the Pledgee acting as the Credit Agent under the Loan Agreement. Such consent is not required if the pledge hereunder covers all 100 (one hundred) percent of participatory interest in the authorized capital of the Company, including a participatory interest resulting from such increase of the authorized capital, since 

such increase of the authorized capital. Besides, the Pledgor undertakes, at its own expense, at the request of the Pledgee, to enter into, ensure notarization of and state registration of such supplementary agreement to this Agreement as satisfies the Pledgee and specifies a new amount of the Company’s authorized capital, 100% of which is pledged in favor of the Pledgee. 

The Pledgor shall ensure that the Company does not amend its constituent documents, including those related to changes in the legal form or name of the Company without the prior written consent of the Pledgee acting as the Credit Agent under the Loan Agreement, except for any technical changes and cases where any amendments are required by the applicable laws. 

The Pledgor shall ensure that the Company does not declare or pay dividends, except for the Permitted Disbursements, without the prior written consent of the Pledgee acting as the Credit Agent under the Loan Agreement. 

The Pledgor shall, within 3 (Three) Business Days from the receipt of the Notice sent by the Pledgee (unless another period is specified in the Notice), ensure signing of documents and perform all other actions necessary for an extra-judicial foreclosure and disposal of the Collateral. 

The Pledgor shall timely obtain, maintain and comply with the terms and conditions of any permits, consents and corporate approvals required by the applicable law to fulfill its obligations under this Agreement and to ensure that this Agreement can be used as evidence in arbitration proceedings and in courts of the Russian Federation, including arbitration courts, as well as to provide the Pledgee acting as the Credit Agent under the Loan Agreement with certified copies of such documents. 

If the Pledgor does not, within a period specified in the Notification, provide the Pledgee with the documents related to the Collateral against an acceptance certificate for disposal of the Collateral in an extra-judicial enforcement, the Pledgor shall bear any additional costs associated with the foreclosure of the Collateral. 

In concluding this Agreement, the Pledgor shall make the following representations to the Pledgee: 

The execution and performance of this Agreement and the transaction hereunder by the Pledgor do not contradict: 

Except for the pledge arising out of this Agreement, the Pledgor is the sole owner of the Collateral, has an uncontested and unrestricted right of ownership, free from any claims and rights of third parties, demands in respect of such Collateral. 

It is not required to perform any notarial actions in connection with this Agreement or to register this Agreement, inter alia, with any governmental authorities or institutions of the Russian Federation and/or the Republic of Cyprus, or to pay any state or registration duties or taxes or levies in connection with this Agreement, except in connection with the provisions of Clause 3.1 and Clause 3.2 of this Agreement. 

The pledge hereunder is security for which the Pledgee acting as the Credit Agent under the Loan Agreement has a preemptive enforcement right. Third parties do not have any rights (claims) or other rights to the Collateral. 

The provisions of the Law on Regulated Procurement do not apply to the execution and performance of this Agreement by the Pledgor as of the date of this Agreement. 

The Pledgor shall pay all taxes, levies, fees and duties payable by it in connection with the signing, registration or notarization of this Agreement or any other document relating hereto. If the Pledgee pays such taxes, levies, fees and duties (inter alia, those imposed on the Pledgee), the Pledgor shall reimburse the Pledgee for such costs within 10 (Ten) Business Days from the sending a respective notice to the Pledgor. 

SIGNATURES OF THE PARTIES 

The Pledgor 

ZEMENIK TRADING LIMITED 

Position: Attorney-in-Fact 

The Pledgee 

BANK VTB (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY) 

The Russian Federation. 

Moscow. 

The fifth of October, the year two thousand and seventeen. 

This agreement is certified by me, Roman Vasilyevich Ryabov, a notary of Moscow. 

The content of the agreement corresponds to the will of its parties. 

The agreement was signed before me. 

The signatories are personally known to me, their capacities have been verified. 

The legal capacities of the legal entities and the authorities of their representatives have been verified. 

The title to the property has been verified. 

Filed in the register under No.: 1-1170 

State fees collected (as per the tariff): 300 rubles 00 kopecks 

Legal and technical fees paid: 17,000 rubles 00 kopecks 

Certified at the address: 12, Presnenskaya Naberezhnaya, Moscow 

Seal: 

[MOSCOW NOTARY R. V. RYABOV 

INN (Taxpayer Identification Number) 

770305583110] 

October 5, 2017 

HEADHUNTER FSU LIMITED 

as a guarantor under this Agreement 

and 

ZEMENIK LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 

as a principal under this Agreement 

and 

BANK VTB (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY) 

as a beneficiary under this Agreement 

AMENDMENT AGREEMENT No. 1 

to the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement dated June 1, 2016 

Herbert Smith Freehills CIS LLP 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

THIS AMENDMENT AGREEMENT No. 1 TO THE INDEPENDENT GUARANTEE ISSUE AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”) was executed on October 5, 2017, between: 

PREAMBLE 

THE PARTIES HAVE AGREED as follows: 

In this Agreement: 

“Revised Guarantee” has the meaning specified in Clause 2(b) below. 

“Revised Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement” means the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement as amended hereby, in the form of Appendix 1 (Revised Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement). 

“Amendment Agreement No. 3” has the meaning specified in Clause (A) of the Preamble. 

“Party” means a party hereto. 

Unless the context requires otherwise, any capitalized terms used in the Loan Agreement and the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement which are not defined herein have the same meaning as in the Loan Agreement and the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement. 

The provisions of Article 1.2 (Interpretation) of the Loan Agreement shall apply to this Agreement as if they are written in this Agreement; any references to Articles, Clauses and Appendices shall be deemed references to Articles, Clauses and Appendices hereof, unless the context requires otherwise. 

This Agreement is a Financial Document. 

This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Parties arising out of this Agreement shall be governed and construed by the laws of the Russian Federation. 

This Agreement has been made in 3 (three) counterparts of equal legal effect, all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument, one counterpart for each Party. 

This Agreement has been entered into on the date stated at the beginning of this Agreement. 

APPENDIX 1 

REVISED INDEPENDENT GUARANTEE ISSUE AGREEMENT 

HEADHUNTER FSU LIMITED 

as a guarantor under this Agreement 

and 

ZEMENIK LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 

as a principal under this Agreement 

and 

BANK VTB (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY) 

as a beneficiary under this Agreement 

INDEPENDENT GUARANTEE ISSUE AGREEMENT 

dated June 1, 2016 

as amended by: 

Amendment Agreement No. 1 dated October 5, 2017 

Herbert Smith Freehills CIS LLP 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

THIS INDEPENDENT GUARANTEE ISSUE AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”) was executed on June 1, 2016, BETWEEN: 

The Guarantor, the Borrower and the Original Lender shall hereinafter be referred to as the “Parties”, and individually as a “Party”. 

PREAMBLE 

IN VIEW OF THE FOREGOING, the Parties have agreed as follows: 

All capitalized terms used in this Agreement (including the Preamble) have the meanings specified in the Loan Agreement (the definitions for the terms of the Loan Agreement are contained in Appendix 1 (Terms of the Loan Agreement)) unless the Agreement or the context requires otherwise, while: 

“Reimbursement for the Amounts Paid under the Guarantee” means reimbursement by the Borrower to the Guarantor for amounts paid by the Guarantor in connection with the performance of its obligations under the Guarantee and (or) under this Agreement, in accordance with paragraph 1 Article 379 of the Civil Code. 

“Guarantee” means an independent guarantee issued by the Guarantor at the request of the Borrower to the Original Lender on the Issue Date in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement in the form and content as satisfactory to the Original Lender. 

“Issue Date” means such date of issue of the Guarantee as specified in the Guarantee. 

“Loan Agreement” means a syndicated loan agreement concluded on May 16, 2016, between the Original Lender as the Credit Agent, Organizer and Original Lender and the Borrower as the Borrower in an aggregate amount not exceeding RUB 7,000,000,000 (seven billion Rubles) as amended by Amendment Agreement No. 1 dated December 14, 2016, and Amendment Agreement No. 2 dated June 28, 2017, and Amendment Agreement No. 3. 

“Secured Obligations” means all current and future pecuniary obligations of the Borrower to the Lenders under the Loan Agreement (taking into account all amendments to the Loan Agreement and all provided preliminary consents and waivers of the Lenders under the Loan Agreement), including the Borrower’s obligations regarding: 

such consideration being accrued for the Disbursement Period of Tranche A and the Disbursement Period of Tranche B, respectively, and paid as follows: 

A fee for the obligation of granting of the Loan shall not apply to the Unused Loan Limit in terms of Tranche B and Tranche D. 

prior to the Disbursement Date of a respective Tranche; 

“Event of Default” means any event or circumstance specified in Article 21 (Events of Default) of the Loan Agreement. 

“Amendment Agreement No. 3” means Amendment Agreement No. 3 to the Loan Agreement dated October 5, 2017. 

“Guarantee Validity Term” means a period from the Issue Date to the date specified in Article 5.1 (Validity Term). 

“Guarantee Amount” means an amount of RUB 10,300,000,000 (ten billion three hundred million Rubles). 

“Payment Claim” means a written notice which is sent by the Original Lender (or by the Credit Agent acting on behalf of the Lenders, after accession of rights (claims) under this Agreement and the Guarantee according to Article 9.2 (Transfer Rights by the Lenders)) to the Guarantor and contains: (i) an indication of a particular violation of the Secured Obligations entailing payment under the Guarantee; (ii) a claim for the Guarantor to make payments provided for by this Agreement and the Guarantee within such amount and period as specified in such notice, as well as details of the bank account to which the Guarantor shall make payment. 

The Guarantor shall, at the request of the Borrower, issue a Guarantee and hereby undertakes to pay such amount within the Guarantee Amount as specified in the Payment Claim to the Original Lender (or to pay such amount to the Credit Agent for distribution among the Lenders after assignment of rights (claims) under this Agreement and the Guarantee in accordance with Article 9.2 (Transfer of Rights by the Lenders)) if the Borrower fails to fulfill the Secured Obligations, regardless of the validity of the Loan Agreement, the Secured Obligations, as well as relations between the Guarantor and the Borrower, and other obligations. 

In accordance with Article 4061 of the Civil Code, the Guarantor hereby undertakes an independent and primary obligation to the Lenders that if any Secured Obligation is or becomes invalid, illegal and (or) unenforceable, the Guarantor shall, at the request of the Credit Agent, unconditionally reimburse each of the Lenders for an amount of any expenses, commissions, costs and losses (except for loss of profit) that they incur (inter alia, as the Lender, Organizer and Credit Agent) as a result of non-payment of any amount which would have been payable under the Loan Agreement as of the date of such payment or performance of an obligation if such invalidity, illegality and (or) unenforceability of the Secured Obligations did not occur. Any amounts payable by the Guarantor in accordance with this Article 2.2 shall not exceed the amount that the Guarantor would have to pay under Article 2.1 (Independent Guarantee), as if the claimed amount was subject to reimbursement pursuant to the Guarantee. 

The Guarantor shall submit the Original Lender the representations of circumstances specified in this Article 3. The Original Lender relies on such representations of circumstances of the Guarantor, and their credibility is of fundamental importance to the Original Lender. 

The execution and performance of this Agreement, the Guarantee and each Financial Document to which the Guarantor is a party and the transactions thereunder by the Guarantor do not contradict: 

It is not required to perform any notarial acts or to register this Agreement or the Guarantee, inter alia, with any government authorities or institutions of the Russian Federation and/or the Republic of Cyprus, or to pay respective duties in connection with this Agreement and the Guarantee. 

except, in each case, where otherwise indicated in such financial statements. 

No judicial, arbitration or administrative proceedings against the Guarantor are initiated or, to the best of the knowledge of the Guarantor, are expected to be initiated; and there are taken no investigative actions as a result of which any adverse resolutions that can have the Material Negative Impact are made or are highly likely to be made. 

The Guarantor did not provide any loans to third parties that are not the Debtors, except for the Permitted Loans. 

No state or registration duties or taxes or levies in connection with this Agreement and the Guarantee must be paid as of the date of this Agreement. 

No provisions of the Law on Regulated Procurement are applied to the execution and performance of this Agreement, the Guarantee and the Financial Documents to which the Guarantor is a party, by the Guarantor as of the date of this Agreement. The Guarantor does not give this representation concerning application of the Law on Regulated Procurement to any Party to the Financing. 

The Guarantor is obliged for the entire Guarantee Validity Term in respect of the following: 

The Guarantor shall ensure that the Borrower provides the Credit Agent with a number of certified copies of the following documents that is sufficient for all Lenders: 

The Guarantor shall ensure that each set of financial statements provided in accordance with Article 17.1 (Financial Statements) of the Loan Agreement is prepared using the same accounting principles and for the same accounting periods that applied in preparation of the last reported Group financial statements (except for a possible change in accounting for capitalization of internal development). If any Debtor notifies the Credit Agent of any changes in accounting principles or reporting periods, the Guarantor agrees to ensure that its Auditors and auditors of the relevant Debtor provide the Credit Agent with: 

The Guarantor shall not change its Auditors without the consent of the Majority of the Lenders, except for the Auditors for the financial statements of the Group and of its members prepared in accordance with IFRS, approved or authorized pursuant to this Agreement. 

The Guarantor shall provide and undertakes to ensure that each of its Subsidiaries provides the Credit Agent with information and documents for the purposes of Article 17.8 (Client Data Verification) of the Loan Agreement. 

The Guarantor shall not create or allow and undertakes to ensure that each of the Subsidiaries of the Guarantor does not create or allow any Encumbrance on its assets without the prior written consent of the Credit Agent, except for: 

The Borrower shall not sell, lease or otherwise dispose of any of its assets or property without the prior written consent of the Credit Agent and undertakes to ensure that any Subsidiary of the Borrower does not sell, lease or otherwise dispose of any of its assets or property without the prior written consent of the Credit Agent, except for: 

The disposal under this Clause (vi) must be carried out at arm’s length and subject to the terms and conditions provided for in Clause (f) Article 19.3 (Asset Disposal) of the Loan Agreement. 

A member of the Group alienating the Alienated Group Member may, without the consent of the Credit Agent, pay the Allocated Amount in an amount that does not entail a violation of the financial indicator provided for in Sub-Clauses (A) and (B) of this Clause (vi). The Allocated Amount may be paid according to the results of the sale of the Alienated Group Member only once. A seller of the Alienated Group Member may use any funds remaining after payment of the Allocated Amount in consultation with the Credit Agent. 

“Group Cash” means the Cash and Cash Equivalent belonging to the Group. 

“Cash of the Alienated Group Member” means the Cash and Cash Equivalent belonging to the Alienated Group Member. 

“Alienated Group Member” means a Group member which is not the Debtor (except for CV Keskus OU) whose shares or participatory interest in the authorized capital are to be disposed of. 

“Debt Indicator” means the ratio of the Net Debt to the EBITDA. 

“After-Disposal Debt Ratio” means an indicator calculated in case of disposal of shares or participatory interest in the authorized capital of a member of the Group (hereinafter referred to as the “Alienated Group Member”) by the following formula: 

After-Disposal Debt Ratio = (A - B - C)/p - E), 

where: 

A means the Consolidated Net Debt as of the last Settlement Date; 

B means an amount of the part of the Outstanding Loan repaid by the Borrower in advance at the expense of funds obtained from the disposal of shares or participatory interest in the authorized capital of the Alienated Group Member; 

C means the Loan repaid by the Borrower within a period commencing on the expiry date of the last Settlement Period and ending on the day of submission of the certificate containing the calculation of a relevant After-Disposal Debt Ratio; 

D means such Consolidated EBITDA for the most recent Settlement Date as determined in accordance with such Group’s latest financial statements for the relevant Settlement Period as prepared in accordance with IFRS and provided to the Credit Agent under Clause (a) or (b) of Article 17.1 (Financial Statements) of the Loan Agreement (or which was to be provided to the Credit Agent under the reporting terms provided for in Clause (a) or (b) of Article 17.1 (Financial Reporting) of the Loan Agreement); and 

E means the EBITDA of the Alienated Group Member calculated on the basis of the management statements of the company of the Alienated Group Member as of the last Settlement Date using a calculation procedure similar to the calculation method of the Consolidated EBITDA. 

“Purchase Price” means cash that is actually received as a result of sale of the Alienated Group Member. 

“Allocated Amount” means a cash amount to be paid to the shareholders of Zemenik Trading as a result of disposal of the Alienated Group Member. 

“Cash Amount” means an amount calculated as the difference between the Group Cash, the Cash of the Alienated Group Member and the Allocated Amount, plus the Purchase Price. 

“Net Debt” means the difference between the Group’s Financial Indebtedness (taking into account the Group’s Financial Indebtedness to the Alienated Group Member recognized effectively after the disposal of the Alienated Group Member) and an amount of the Financial Indebtedness of the Alienated Group Member (excluding the Financial Indebtedness of the Alienated Group Member to other members of the Group) and the Cash Amount. 

“EBITDA” means the difference between the Consolidated EBITDA and the EBITDA of the Alienated Group Member. 

The Guarantor shall not purchase any assets without the prior written consent of the Credit Agent and undertakes to ensure that no Subsidiary purchases any assets without the prior written consent of the Credit Agent, except for the acquisition of assets: 

Except for the Permitted Loans, the Guarantor is not entitled to act as a lender in respect of any Financial Indebtedness without the prior written consent of the Credit Agent and undertakes to ensure that any of its Subsidiaries does not act as a lender in respect of any Financial Indebtedness without the prior written consent of the Credit Agent. 

The Guarantor shall not enter into any transactions which will result in the Financial Indebtedness for the Guarantor and shall not allow the existence of an overdue Financial Indebtedness, and undertakes to ensure that any of its Subsidiaries does not enter into any transaction which will result in the Financial Indebtedness for the Borrower’s Subsidiary and shall not allow the existence of an overdue Financial Indebtedness without the prior written consent of the Credit Agent, except for the Permitted Financial Indebtedness. 

The Guarantor shall comply with and undertakes to ensure that any of its Subsidiaries complies with the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, all related subsequent conditions specified in Part 2 of Appendix 2 (Requirements to the Borrower for Obtaining a Loan under Tranche A and Tranche B) to the Loan Agreement. 

The Guarantor shall ensure that such amount of the net assets of the Borrower and Headhunter as determined under the financial statements provided pursuant to Clause 17.1 (d) of the Loan Agreement is positive at the end of each fiscal half a year during the validity term of this Agreement. 

The Guarantor shall not make any significant changes in the main areas of its economic activities and undertakes to ensure that each of its Subsidiaries does not make any significant changes in the main areas of its economic activities without the prior written consent of the Credit Agent. For the avoidance of doubt, this Clause (q) does not apply to the reduction or termination of the economic activities of Headhunter as a result of the Permitted Reorganization. 

The Guarantor shall maintain the Existing Business Contracts up to the Final Redemption Date or, if it is commercially justified, conclude new contracts on similar terms at least one month before the expiration of the Existing Business Contracts. 

The Guarantor shall pay taxes and levies in a timely manner under the laws of the Republic of Cyprus (hereinafter referred to as the “Mandatory Payments”) and shall ensure that each of its Subsidiaries timely pays the Mandatory Payments in accordance with the applicable law, with the exception of: 

The Guarantor shall ensure that its obligations hereunder (when they are to be fulfilled) shall be deemed to be of the same class as its other existing and future unsecured payment obligations and that any of its Subsidiaries shall ensure that the Guarantor’s obligations hereunder (when they are to be fulfilled) shall be deemed to be of the same class as other existing and future unsecured payment obligations of such Subsidiary, except for any obligations, whose primary satisfaction is directly provided for by law. 

The Guarantor shall ensure maintaining the existing structure of the Group in accordance with the Group Structure Scheme. This obligation does not apply to any actions permitted or provided for under the Financial Documents. 

When the Default occurs and remains uneliminated or when there are sufficient grounds for the Credit Agent to believe that the Default may occur, the Guarantor shall, at the request of the Credit Agent, provide (and ensure that each of its Subsidiaries provides) the Credit Agent and/or its auditors or other professional advisers free access to its premises, assets and primary accounting and tax accounting documents (on paper or electronic media), including issue of powers of attorney for the persons concerned, as well as organize a meeting with the Group management. 

The Guarantor shall, at the request of any Party to the Financing, at its own expense, take any actions and sign any documents and ensure that any of its Subsidiaries, at such Subsidiary’s own expense, takes any action and signs any documents necessary to ensure the validity and proper performance of the Financial Documents. In particular, the Guarantor shall, at its own expense, at the request of the Credit Agent, ensure: 

The obligations of the Guarantor under this Agreement and the Guarantee: 

Such material change in circumstances as described in Article 451 of the Civil Code does not justify revoking of the Guarantee, amending or terminating this Agreement on the initiative of the Guarantor and (or) the Borrower. 

The Guarantor hereby expresses its consent to be jointly liable with the Borrower, irrespective of whether the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement will be amended in any way, including any amendments leading to an increase in the volume of the Secured Obligations or other adverse consequences for the Guarantor. No additional written consent of the Guarantor is required for such amendment. 

The Guarantee is issued for a period from the Issue Date through a date that occurs after 96 months from the date of Amendment Agreement No. 3. This Agreement shall become effective on the date of its signing indicated at the beginning of this Agreement, and shall remain in force until the obligations under the Guarantee issued hereunder are completely fulfilled. 

The obligations of the Guarantor under this Agreement and the Guarantee are permanent and are not considered fulfilled by any partial payment or partial fulfillment of all or any of the Secured Obligations. 

If the Secured Obligations are not fulfilled, as specified in Article 2 (Independent Guarantee and Reimbursement of Losses), the Original Lender (or, after assignment under this Agreement and the Guarantee in accordance with Article 9.2 (Transfer of Rights by the Lenders), the Credit Agent acting on behalf of the Lenders) shall send the Guarantor a Payment Claim and a copy of the notice of the Original Lender or the Credit Agent, respectively, sent to the Borrower under Article 21.18 (Acceleration) of the Loan Agreement. The Guarantor shall make a payment against the Payment Claim within a period not exceeding 5 (five) Business Days from the date when the Guarantor receives the Payment Claim. 

Any amounts due to the Lenders under this Agreement and the Guarantee shall be paid by the Guarantor to the Original Lender to the account of the Original Lender in Rubles (or after assignment of rights (claims) under this Agreement and the Guarantee in accordance with Article 9.2 (Transfer of Rights by the Lenders) to the Credit Agent to the Credit Agent’s account for allocation among the Lenders). 

Any pecuniary obligations of the Guarantor under this Agreement and the Guarantee shall be deemed fulfilled on the date of crediting of funds in Rubles to the account of the Original Lender in Rubles (or, after assignment of rights (claims) under this Agreement and the Guarantee in accordance with Article 9.2 (Transfer of Rights by the Lenders), to the Credit Agent’s account for allocation among the Lenders). If this Agreement, the Guarantee or any other Financial Document establishes the time prior to which the Guarantor’s obligations are to be fulfilled, the Guarantor shall ensure before the set deadline that funds are credited to the account of the Original Lender (or, after assignment of rights (claims) under this Agreement and the Guarantee in accordance with Article 9.2 (Transfer of Rights by the Lenders), to the Credit Agent’s account). 

All payments made by the Guarantor under this Agreement and the Guarantee shall be without any deductions or withholdings, except for the deductions and withholdings expressly established by the applicable law. If the current legislation contains a requirement for any deductions or withholdings in respect of payments provided for in this Agreement and the Guarantee, the Guarantor shall: 

The Guarantor shall make all payments under this Agreement and the Guarantee in Rubles, except for compensation to the Lenders of any costs incurred in connection with this Agreement and with the Guarantee, which shall be paid by the Guarantor in the same currency in which they arose (the “Agreement Currency”) if payments in such currency do not contradict the legislation. The payment obligations of the Guarantor are deemed to be performed only if the respective amounts are received by the Credit Agent in the Agreement Currency. If any amounts under this Agreement and the Guarantee are received against the obligations of the Guarantor in a currency other than the Agreement Currency, and the Original Lender (or, after assignment of rights (claims) under this Agreement and the Guarantee in accordance with Article 9.2 (Transfer of Rights by the Lenders), the Credit Agent) converts the received amount into the Agreement Currency, the Guarantor shall reimburse the Original Lender or the Credit Agent, respectively, for its expenses related to the conversion of the received amount to the Agreement Currency (at an internal currency rate of the Bank of the Account) and compensate the difference between an amount due from the Guarantor in the Agreement Currency and an amount received by the Credit Agent as a result of converting the funds received from the Guarantor into the Agreement Currency. 

Performance of the Guarantor’s obligations to make any payments provided for in this Agreement and the Guarantee is not a counterclaim for performance of the Lenders’ obligations in the meaning of Article 328 of the Civil Code. The obligations of the Guarantor to make any payments provided for by this Agreement and the Guarantee may not be stopped by offsetting any counterclaims of the Guarantor to the Lenders. The Parties agree in accordance with Article 411 of the Civil Code that the Guarantor may not terminate the claims of the Lenders to the Guarantor by set-off. 

If any maturity date under this Agreement or the Guarantee falls on a day other than a Business Day, such payment must be made on the previous Business Day. 

All amounts payable under this Agreement and the Guarantee by the Guarantor to any Lender are specified without VAT. If VAT is payable, the Guarantor shall pay an amount of VAT (at a rate effective at the date of payment) to the Lenders (in addition to any amounts payable). 

All funds received by the Lenders under this Agreement and the Guarantee shall be used by the Lenders to settle the Secured Obligations in accordance with the order of priority specified in the Loan Agreement respectively; each Lender shall receive part of the money received by the Lenders under this Agreement and the Guarantee according to its Proportional Share; no rights of the Lenders to recover any underpaid amounts from the Guarantor or any other persons, as provided for in the Loan Agreement, shall be infringed; and the Guarantor may not prevent such use. 

Any surplus cash remaining after the full performance of the Secured Obligations (that is, the full payment of principal, interest and commissions payable by the Borrower, but not paid, as well as any other payments due under the Loan Agreement) shall, within 3 (Three) Business Days from the date of receipt of the bank details from the Guarantor, be paid to the Guarantor according to the bank details specified by it. 

Any messages sent by the Parties under this Agreement and the Guarantee shall be in writing and may be sent by courier, by mail with return receipt, and, unless otherwise provided, by fax or by other means enabling to reliably establish that a message is from a Party to this Agreement. For the purposes of this Agreement and the Guarantee, a message transmitted using electronic means of communication shall be deemed to be in writing. 

Any notice or message sent by a Party in connection with this Agreement and the Guarantee must be in the Russian language. For the avoidance of doubt, the text is in Russian and may be accompanied by a translation into English; the text in Russian shall prevail. 

If any provision of this Agreement is or becomes illegal, invalid or unenforceable, this does not affect the legality, validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement. 

The Parties acknowledge that the terms and conditions of this Agreement, as well as its wording, have been jointly determined by the Parties, each Party was equally able to influence the content of this Agreement based on its own reasonable interests. 

Neither the Guarantor nor the Borrower may assign its rights or transfer the debt under this Agreement and the Guarantee or otherwise dispose of any of its rights and (or) obligations under this Agreement and the Guarantee without the written consent of all Lenders. 

If the Borrower assigns or transfers its debt (in whole or in part) under the Loan Agreement (with the consent of all Lenders) to another person under the terms and conditions provided for in the Loan Agreement or transfers the Borrower’s obligations under the Loan Agreement to another person through a universal succession, the Guarantor hereby expresses its consent to such assignment or transfer of the debt and agrees to be jointly liable with the new borrower in the amount of the Secured Obligations. 

This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Parties arising out of this Agreement shall be governed and construed by the laws of the Russian Federation. 

This Agreement has been made in 3 (three) counterparts of equal legal effect, all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument, one counterpart for each Party. 

APPENDIX 1 

TERMS OF THE LOAN AGREEMENT 

In the Loan Agreement, except where the context otherwise requires: “Auditors” means 

“Affiliate” means a Subsidiary or an Associated Company of such person or a Holding Company of such person or any other Subsidiary or Associated Company of such Holding Company. 

“Basel II” means the recommendations contained in the document adopted by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in June 2004 “International Convergence of Capital Measurement and Capital Standards: a Revised Framework”. 

“Basel III” means: 

“Majority of the Lenders” means: 

“Revenue” means, in relation to any Debtor, the revenue of such Debtor determined under the financial statements prepared pursuant to the Applicable Accounting Standards and provided under Article 17.1 (Financial Statements). 

“Guarantor” means each of HeadHunter FSU, Zemenik Trading, and Headhunter, and each Additional Guarantor. 

Contracting State to a Double Taxation Agreement 

means a state that has entered into the Double Taxation Agreement with the Russian Federation. 

“Civil Code” means the Civil Code of the Russian Federation. 

“Group” means, for the purposes of this Agreement, Zemenik Trading, as well as the Subsidiaries of Zemenik Trading whose financial statements are consolidated with the financial statements of Zemenik Trading under IFRS in the relevant period of time. 

“Disbursement Date” means every date on which the Credit Agent transfers the Loan or its part specified in the Disbursement Request to the account of the Borrower. 

“Date of the Final Redemption of Tranche A and Tranche B” means a date coming in 1,824 (one thousand eight hundred and twenty-four) calendar days from the date of this Agreement. 

“Date of the Final Redemption of Tranche C and Tranche D” means a date coming in 1,825 (one thousand eight hundred and twenty-five) calendar days from the date of Amendment Agreement No. 3. 

“Interest Payment Date” means March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31 of each year; and if the relevant day is not a Business Day, “Interest Payment Date” means the Business Day preceding a day specified above. 

“Cash” has the meaning specified for this term in IFRS. “Pledge Agreement” means each of the following contracts: 

“Borrower’s Pledge Agreement” means an agreement of pledge of a participatory interest in the authorized capital of the Borrower governed by the Russian law, executed between the Lenders and Zemenik Trading to ensure performance of the Borrower’s obligations hereunder. 

“Headhunter’s Pledge Agreement” means an agreement of pledge of a participatory interest in the authorized capital of the Headhunter governed by the Russian law, executed between the Lenders and Headhunter FSU to ensure performance of the Borrower’s obligations hereunder. 

“Headhunter FSU’s Pledge Agreement” means an agreement of pledge of shares in Headhunter FSU governed by the Cyprus law, executed between the Lenders and the Borrower to ensure performance of the Borrower’s obligations hereunder. 

“Zemenik Trading’s Pledge Agreement” means each agreement of pledge of shares in Zemenik Trading governed by the Cyprus law, executed between the Lenders, Highworld and ELQ Investors VIII to ensure performance of the Borrower’s obligations hereunder. 

“Sale and Purchase Agreement 1” means an agreement of sale and purchase of 100 (one hundred) shares in the authorized capital of HeadHunter FSU executed between the Seller as the seller and Zemenik Trading as the buyer on February 24, 2016. 

“Sale and Purchase Agreement 2” means an agreement of sale and purchase of 50 (fifty) percent minus one share in the authorized capital of HeadHunter FSU executed between Zemenik Trading as the seller and the Borrower as the buyer and providing for payment through such accounts of parties to Sale and Purchase Agreement 2 as opened with the Credit Agent, RCB Bank Ltd. (Cyprus) or with any banks affiliated to the Credit Agent. 

“Double Taxation Agreement” means a double taxation agreement between a foreign state and the Russian Federation which provides for a full or partial exemption from payment of income tax in the Russian Federation for such income as paid to foreign organizations and provided for in this Agreement. 

“Security Agreement” means: 

“Lender’s Assignment Agreement” means an agreement made primarily in the form of Appendix 4 (Form of the Lender’s Assignment Agreement) or in any other form by virtue of which the Existing Lender (as defined in Article 22 (Substitution of Parties) assigns its rights and (or) transfers its obligations under this Agreement to the New Lender (as defined in Article 22 (Substitution of Parties)). 

“Document Related to the Reorganization” has the meaning specified in Amendment Agreement No. 2. 

“Equity Instruments of the Group” means shares or participatory interests in the authorized capital of any member of the Group, as well as options or other instruments securing the right of their owner to acquire or receive shares or participatory interests in the authorized capital of any member of the Group. 

“Debtor” means the Borrower and each Guarantor. 

“Highworld’s Dollar Loan” means a loan of USD 27,031,978 granted under a loan agreement between Zemenik Trading (as the borrower) and Highworld (as the lender) on February 24, 2016. 

“Supplementary Guarantee” has the meaning specified in Article 18.5 (Provision of Supplementary Guarantees). 

“Additional Guarantor” has the meaning specified in Article 18.5 (Provision of Supplementary Guarantees). 

“Supplementary Pledge Agreement” has the meaning specified in Article 18.5 (Provision of Supplementary Guarantees). 

“Subsidiary” means any legal entity, if another (parent) company or partnership: 

including any legal entity whose authorized capital shares or participatory interests are subject to the Encumbrance, and the ownership of such encumbered shares or participatory interests is registered by virtue of such Encumbrance in favor of the secured party or a nominee acting in favor of such party. 

“Associated Company” means any legal entity in which the first legal entity owns 20 (twenty) percent or more (but not more than 50 (fifty) percent) of the authorized capital. 

“Representations of Circumstances” means the representations of the Borrower in Article 16 (Representations of Circumstances). 

“Bankruptcy Law” means Federal Law of the Russian Federation No. 127-  dated October 26, 2002, “On Insolvency (Bankruptcy)”. 

“Law on Credit Histories” means Federal Law of the Russian Federation No. 218-  dated December 30, 2004, “On Credit Histories”. 

“Law on Regulated Procurement” means Federal Law of the Russian Federation No. 223-  dated July 18, 2011, “On Procurement of Goods, Works, Services by Separate Types of Legal Entities” 

“Pledgor” means the Borrower, HeadHunter FSU, Zemenik Trading, Highworld, and ELQ Investors VIII, as well as each pledgor under each Supplementary Pledge Agreement. 

“Disbursement Request” means such request of the Borrower for disbursement of the Loan as prepared in general in the form of Appendix 3 (Form of the Disbursement Request). 

“Intellectual Property” means the Trademarks of the Debtors, domain names (including the Websites of the Debtors) registered in the name of Group’s members, a database and other intellectual property, the rights to which belong to Group’s members specified in Appendix 8 (Intellectual Property), and similar significant intellectual property owned by the Additional Guarantors (if such Additional Guarantors are not the Debtors at the date of this Agreement). 

“Exceptional Income or Expenses” means any income or expenses arising out of extraordinary circumstances of the Debtor’s business and recognized as such by a resolution of the Majority of the Lenders. 

“Key Rate” means 

and determined daily based on the data on the website of the Central Bank of the Russian Federation on the Internet at www.cbr.ru or, if changed, on any other official website of the Central Bank of the Russian Federation. If the Central Bank of the Russian Federation abolishes or ceases to use a key rate and if it is needed to determine pricing conditions for provision of financing to credit institutions of the Russian Federation, the Key Rate shall be a similar rate established by the Central Bank of the Russian Federation for pricing of refinancing through repo transactions and (or) against non-market assets. 

“Consolidated Net Debt” has the meaning specified in Article 18.7 (Definitions). 

“Consolidated EBIT” means such Group’s consolidated profit before tax for the Settlement Period as adjusted taking into account termination of transactions occurring during the Settlement Period: 

“Consolidated EBITDA” means such Consolidated EBIT for the Settlement Period as adjusted by adding the following amounts, provided that these amounts were not taken into account when calculating EBIT: 

“Confidential Information” means any such information (including personal data) in any form (including oral information, and any documents and information recorded or stored as electronic files or on any other media) on any Debtor, Pledgor or member of the Group, the Financial Documents, or the Loan which becomes known to a Party to the Financing or which is obtained by any person intending to become a Party to the Financing, from: 

except for any information that: 

“Loan” means funds within the Aggregate Loan Limit granted by the Lenders to the Borrower under this Agreement as Tranche A, Tranche B, Tranche C, and Tranche D. 

“Lender” means 

“Loan Limit” means an amount of money: 

and which may be changed under the terms and conditions hereof. 

“Margin” means: 

“Intercreditor Agreement” means the Subordination Agreement executed on or about the date of this Agreement between the Borrower, Zemenik Trading, HeadHunter FSU, Headhunter and the Lenders on the priority of claims of the lenders. 

“IFRS” means the international accounting standards referred to in Regulation No. 1606/2002 adopted by the European Parliament and the Council of Europe on July 19, 2002, insofar as applicable to respective financial statements. 

“Tax” means any tax, levy, duty or other charge or withholding of a similar nature (including any fines and penalties due in case of failure to pay or untimely payment of any of the foregoing) established by the applicable laws. 

“Tax Refund” means exemption from payment of the Tax (application of a reduced tax rate or of a tax refund) granted outside the Russian Federation in respect of any Tax relating to payments under the Financial Documents. 

“Tax Deduction” means withholding from any payment under the Financial Document of an amount of any tax or levy, including, but not limited to, a value-added tax and income tax levied on a source, as well as any similar taxes that may replace or supplement existing taxes under the applicable laws, in the amount and within the terms provided for by law. 

“Tax Payment” means an increase in the amount of payment made by the Debtor to a Party to the Financing under Article 12.1 (Reimbursement of Tax Deduction Costs), or making a payment by the Debtor to a Party to the Financing under 12.2 (Reimbursement of Tax-Related Costs). 

“Independent Guarantee” means each independent guarantee issued by Headhunter, HeadHunter FSU, and Zemenik Trading in favor of the Lenders. 

“Default” means: 

“Unused Loan Limit” means the Loan Limit for each individual Lender minus: 

“Outstanding Loan” means, at any time, cash provided to the Borrower as a loan under this Agreement and not returned to the Lenders. 

“Encumbrance” means a mortgage, pledge, lien, pawn, assignment, the right to debit funds from an account with the acceptance of a payer given in advance or a similar write-off right or another encumbrance created to ensure performance of any person’s obligations or any other agreement concluded to ensure the performance of obligations. 

“Original Financial Statements” means: 

“Loan Disbursement Period” means the Disbursement Period of Tranche A, the Disbursement Period of Tranche B, or the Disbursement Period of Tranche C and Tranche D. 

“Disbursement Period of Tranche A” means a period from the date of this Agreement (inclusive) to the date (inclusive) occurring 45 (forty-five) days from the date of this Agreement. 

“Disbursement Period of Tranche B” means a period from the date of this Agreement (inclusive) to the date (inclusive) occurring 730 (seven hundred and thirty) days from the date of this Agreement. 

“Disbursement Period of Tranche C and Tranche D” means a period from the date of Amendment Agreement No.3 (inclusive) to the date (inclusive) occurring 180 (one hundred and eighty) days from the date of Amendment Agreement No.3. 

“Incentive Plan Based on the Group’s Equity Instruments” means an agreement providing for the receipt of the following by employees (or former employees) of the Group and (or) owners of shares and (or) participatory interests of any member of the Group: 

“Sanctioned Person” has the meaning specified in Article 22.2 (Assignment of Rights and Transfer of Obligations by the Lenders). 

“Debt Ratio” has the meaning specified in Article 18.2 (Debt Ratio). 

“Percentage Covering” has the meaning specified in Article 18.3 (Percentage Covering). 

“EBITDA” means the EBITDA of any member of the Group that is determined as of the last reporting date: 

“Acceptable Lender” means the Lender that is: 

“Applicable Reporting Standards” means financial reporting standards applicable to any Debtor. 

“Seller” means Mail.ru Group LTD, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the British Virgin Islands, registration number 655058, located at: 28 Oktovriou, 232, Oceanic Building, office 501, 3035 Limassol, Cyprus 

“Proportional Share” means 

“Interest Period” means, in respect of the Outstanding Loan, each period during which interest is accrued under Article 10 (Interest Periods) and, in respect of any overdue amount, each period determined under Article 9.4 (Penalty). 

“Business Day” means any day on which banks are open to conduct ordinary banking operations in Moscow and Nicosia; except for Clause 4.2 (b) of Article 4.2 (Submission of Disbursement Requests) and Clause 8.3 (a) of Article 8.3 (Voluntary Early Repayment of the Outstanding Loan), for which the Business Day will be any day on which banks are open for ordinary banking operations in Moscow. 

“Permitted Reorganization” means a full or partial transfer of business, including contracts, assets and clients, from Headhunter to the Borrower, as well as a transfer of ownership to participatory interests in Headhunter from Headhunter FSU to the Borrower in any legal procedure not contradicting to the applicable laws, provided that: 

“Permitted Financial Indebtedness” means the Financial Indebtedness: 

“Permitted Disbursements” means: 

provided that no such payments as specified in Clauses (a)-(i) of this definition result in any negative net assets of a person making such payments. 

“Permitted Redemption” means a Group member’s repurchase of its own shares or participatory interests in the authorized capital of such member of the Group, provided that: 

“Permitted Loan” means any loans: 

“Transaction Costs” means such amount of expenses for legal advisers and due diligence as incurred in relation to a transaction under Sale and Purchase Agreement 1 in an amount of RUB 45,605,039 (from which RUB 36,281,344 was granted in the first half a year in 2016 and RUB 9,323,695 in the second half a year in 2016). 

“Settlement Date” means the end date of the Settlement Period. 

“Settlement Period” means, for the purposes of calculating the financial indicators set out in Article 18 (Financial Indicator Compliance Obligation), any period of 12 (twelve) months ending on the last day of a Group’s fiscal half a year or on the last day of a Group’s fiscal year. 

“Resolution” has the meaning given to this term in Article 23.1 (Resolutions of the Majority of the Lenders). 

“RAS” means accounting rules in accordance with the Russian laws. 

“Ruble”, “RUB” means a legal tender of the Russian Federation. 

“Websites of the Debtors” means Internet websites owned by the Debtors and listed in Appendix 8 (Intellectual Property). 

“Event of Default” means any event or circumstance specified in Article 21 (Events of Default). 

“Aggregate Loan Limit” means a total amount of all Lenders’ Loan Limits of RUB 7,000,000,000 (seven billion Rubles) as of the date of Amendment Agreement 3. 

“Aggregate Unused Loan Limit” means an aggregate amount of the Unused Loan Limits of all Lenders. 

“Amendment Agreement No. 2” means Amendment Agreement No. 2 hereto dated June 28, 2017. 

“Amendment Agreement No. 3” means Amendment Agreement No. 3 hereto dated October 5, 2017. 

“Supplementary Guarantee Issue Agreement” has the meaning specified in Article 18.5 (Provision of Supplementary Guarantees). 

“Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement” means each independent guarantee issue agreement between the Borrower, the Lenders and a respective Guarantor for provision of the Independent Guarantee. 

“Party” means a party hereto. 

“Party to the Financing” means each Lender, Credit Agent and Organizer. 

“Amount to be Granted” means a cash amount to be granted by any Lender or Lenders on the Disbursement Date specified in the Disbursement Request submitted by the Borrower. 

“Material Negative Impact” means a significant adverse effect that, in the opinion of the Majority of the Lenders, is possible on: 

“Significant Member of the Group” means any Debtor or any member of the Group whose EBITDA, assets and revenues, determined on the basis of such consolidated financial statements of the Group as of the last reporting date as prepared in accordance with IFRS and submitted to the Credit Agent under Clause (a) or (b) of Article 17.1 (Financial Statements), exceed 2.5 (two point five) percent of the Group’s similar consolidated indicators determined on the basis of the same financial statements. 

“Existing Business Contracts” means the following agreements on lease of the Headhunter office in Moscow between Headhunter as the lessee and Kalibr LLC as the lessor: 

“Group Structure Scheme” means the structure of the Group attached as Appendix 9 (Group Structure Scheme) or (if the Borrower provided the Credit Agent with a new scheme of the Group structure after the date of this Agreement) the structure of the Group submitted by the Borrower to the Credit Agent at the latest date. 

“Credit Agent’s Account” means the account whose details the Credit Agent reports to the Parties to the Financing. 

“Technical Failure” means: 

“Trademarks of the Debtors” means any trademarks registered by the Debtors and the Additional Guarantors and specified in Appendix 8 (Intellectual Property). 

“Tranche” means Tranche A, Tranche B, Tranche C, or Tranche D. 

“Tranche A” means a part of the Loan granted to the Borrower under the terms and conditions hereof in an amount of RUB 4,000,000,000 (four billion Rubles). 

“Tranche B” means a part of the Loan granted to the Borrower under the terms and conditions hereof in an amount of RUB 1,000,000,000 (one billion Rubles). 

“Tranche C” means a part of the Loan granted to the Borrower under the terms and conditions hereof in an amount of RUB 1,000,000,000 (one billion Rubles). 

“Tranche D” means a part of the Loan granted to the Borrower under the terms and conditions hereof in an amount of RUB 1,000,000,000 (one billion Rubles). 

“Financial Indebtedness” means any indebtedness resulting from: 

or any other obligation having the economic nature of borrowing in accordance with IFRS. In each case no double counting shall apply. 

“Financial Document” means: 

“Holding Company” means, in relation to a legal entity, any other legal entity for which the first legal entity is the Subsidiary. 

“Headhunter” means Headhunter Limited Liability Company incorporated under the laws of the Russian Federation, registered in the Unified State Register of Legal Entities of the Russian Federation under number (OGRN (Primary State Registration Number)): 1067761906805, located at: 9, Godovikova St., bld. 10, Moscow, the Russian Federation. 

“Cash Equivalent” has the meaning specified for this term in IFRS. 

“ELQ Investors” means ELQ Investors II Ltd, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales, registration number 06375035, registered at the address: Peterborough Court, 133 Fleet Street, London EC4A 2BB, United Kingdom. 

“ELQ Investors VIII” means ELQ Investors VIII Ltd, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales, registration number 9182214, registered at the address: Peterborough Court, 133 Fleet Street, London EC4A 2BB, United Kingdom. 

“HeadHunter FSU” means HeadHunter FSU Limited, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Cyprus, registration number HE 178226, registered at the address: 42 Dositheou, Strovolos 2028, Nicosia, Cyprus. 

“Highworld” means Highworld Investments Limited, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the British Virgin Islands, registration number 1802016, registered at the address: Trident Chambers, P.O. Box 146, Road Town, Tortola, BVI). 

“Zemenik Trading” means Zemenik Trading Limited, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Cyprus, registration number HE 332806, registered at the address: 42 Dositheou, Strovolos 2028, Nicosia, Cyprus. 

Any reference to a Sub-Clause, Clause, Article or Appendix in the above terms of the Loan Agreement shall be interpreted as a reference to the said Sub-Clause, Clause, Article of the Loan Agreement or the Appendix thereto, unless otherwise expressly stated in the text of the Loan Agreement. 

SIGNATURES OF THE PARTIES 

Guarantor 

LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 

HEADHUNTER FSU LIMITED 

Borrower 

ZEMENIK LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 

Seal: 

[INN (Taxpayer Identification Number) 7714373561 

LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 

Primary State Registration Number (OGRN) 1167746153860 

MOSCOW 

Zemenik] 

Original Lender 

BANK VTB (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY) 

EXECUTION COPY 

THIS AMENDMENT No. 1 to the Independent Guarantee dated June 1, 2016, (the “Amendment”) were made on October 5, 2017, by 

TO THE INDEPENDENT GUARANTEE GRANTED BY THE GUARANTOR: 

PREAMBLE 

IN VIEW OF THE FOREGOING, taking into account the provisions of Article 371 of the Civil Code, the Guarantor hereby makes the following amendments to the Guarantee: 

In this Amendment: 

“Revised Guarantee” means the Guarantee as amended by this Amendment in the form of Appendix 1 (Revised Guarantee). 

“Amendment Agreement No. 3” has the meaning specified in Clause (A) of the Preamble. 

“Party” means the Guarantor or the Original Lender (or the Credit Agent after accession of rights (claims) under the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement and this Guarantee under Article 5.2 (Transfer of Rights by the Lenders) of the Guarantee). 

Unless the context requires otherwise, any capitalized terms used in the Loan Agreement which are not defined herein have the same meaning as in the Loan Agreement as they are specified in Appendix 1 (Terms of the Loan Agreement) of the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement. 

This Amendment is a Financial Document. 

The Guarantor confirms that, since the date of this Amendment, the Guarantee shall be read in the wording of Appendix 1 (Revised Guarantee) and the rights and obligations of the Parties under the Guarantee from the date of this Amendment shall be regulated and construed under the terms and conditions of the Revised Guarantee. 

This Amendment, as well as the rights and obligations of the Parties arising out of this Amendment, shall be governed and construed by the laws of the Russian Federation. 

This Amendment shall be signed in four original counterparts of equal legal effect, each counterparty constituting an entire document. 

This Amendment is executed on the date specified first herein. 

APPENDIX 1 

REVISED GUARANTEE 

INDEPENDENT GUARANTEE (the “Guarantee”) 

Date of issue of this Guarantee: June 1, 2016 

(as amended by amendments No. 1 dated October 5, 2017) 

THIS GUARANTEE IS ISSUED BY: 

HEADHUNTER FSU LIMITED, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Cyprus, registration number HE 178226, located at: 42 Dositheou, Strovolos 2028, Nicosia, Cyprus, represented by Aleksandr Arbuzov, acting under the Articles of Association, as the guarantor under this Guarantee and the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement (the “Guarantor”); 

BANK VTB (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY) incorporated under the laws of the Russian Federation, registered in the Unified State Register of Legal Entities (EGRUL) under number (Primary State Registration Number (OGRN)): 1027739609391, located at: 29, Bolshaya Morskaya St., Saint Petersburg, the Russian Federation, 190000, represented by Vitaly Nikolaevich Buzoverya, acting under Power of Attorney 350000/25-  , certified on January 14, 2016, under register number 2-25, as the beneficiary under this Guarantee and the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement (the “Original Lender” or the “Credit Agent”) 

PREAMBLE 

IN VIEW OF THE FOREGOING, the Guarantor hereby confirms the following: 

All capitalized terms in this Guarantee have the meanings specified in the Loan Agreement in Appendix 1 (Terms of the Loan Agreement) of the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement unless the Guarantee or the context requires otherwise, while: 

“Issue Date” means such date of issue of the Guarantee as specified in the beginning of this Guarantee. 

“Borrower” means Zemenik Limited Liability Company, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Russian Federation, registered in the Unified State Register of Legal Entities of the Russian Federation under number (OGRN (Primary State Registration Number)): 1167746153860, located at: 4 Akademika Ilyushina St., bld. 1, office 54, Moscow, the Russian Federation, 125319. 

“Key Rate” means a key rate established by the Central Bank of the Russian Federation determined based on the data on the website of the Central Bank of the Russian Federation on the Internet at www.cbr.ru or, if changed, on any other official website of the Central Bank of the Russian Federation. If the Central Bank of the Russian Federation abolishes or ceases to use a key rate and if it is needed to determine pricing conditions for provision of financing to credit institutions of the Russian Federation, the Key Rate shall be a similar rate established by the Central Bank of the Russian Federation for pricing of refinancing through repo transactions and (or) against non-market assets. 

“Lender” means 

“Loan Agreement” means a syndicated loan agreement concluded on May 16, 2016, between the Original Lender as the credit agent, organizer and original lender and the Borrower as the Borrower in an aggregate amount not exceeding RUB 7,000,000,000 (seven billion Rubles) as amended by Amendment Agreement No. 1 dated December 14, 2016, Amendment Agreement No. 2 dated June 28, 2017, and Amendment Agreement No. 3. 

“Secured Obligations” means all current and future pecuniary obligations of the Borrower to the Lenders under the Loan Agreement (taking into account all amendments to the Loan Agreement and all provided preliminary consents and waivers of the Lenders under the Loan Agreement), including the Borrower’s obligations; 

such consideration being accrued for the Disbursement Period of Tranche A and the Disbursement Period of Tranche B, respectively, and paid as follows: 

A fee for the obligation of granting of the Loan shall not apply to the Unused Loan Limit in terms of Tranche B and Tranche D. 

“Business Day” means any day on which banks are open for normal banking operations in Moscow and Nicosia. 

“Ruble” means a legal tender of the Russian Federation. 

“Amendment Agreement No. 3” means Amendment Agreement No. 3 to the Loan Agreement dated October 5, 2017. 

“Party” means the Guarantor or the Original Lender (or the Credit Agent after accession of rights (claims) under the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement and this Guarantee under Article 5.2 (Transfer of Rights by the Lenders)). 

“Guarantee Amount” means an amount of RUB 10,300,000,000 (ten billion three hundred million Rubles). 

“Payment Claim” means a written notice which is sent by the Credit Agent to the Guarantor and contains: (i) an indication of a particular violation of the Secured Obligations entailing payment under this Guarantee; (ii) a claim for the Guarantor to make payments provided for by this Guarantee within such amount and period as specified in such notice, as well as details of the bank account to which the Guarantor shall make payment. 

The Guarantor shall, at the request of the Borrower, issue this Guarantee and hereby undertakes to pay such amount within the Guarantee Amount as specified in the Payment Claim to the Original Lender if the Borrower fails to fulfill the Secured Obligations (or to pay such amount to the Credit Agent for distribution among the Lenders after assignment of rights (claims) under the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement and this Guarantee in accordance with Article 5.2 (Transfer of Rights by the Lenders)), regardless of the validity of the Loan Agreement, the Secured Obligations, as well as relations between the Guarantor and the Borrower, and other obligations. 

If the Secured Obligations are not fulfilled, as specified in Article 2 (Independent Guarantee) of this Guarantee, the Original Lender (or the Credit Agent acting on behalf of the Lenders after assignment under this Guarantee in accordance with Article 5.2 (Transfer of Rights by the Lenders)) shall send the Guarantor a Payment Claim and a copy of the notice of the Original Lender or the Credit Agent, respectively, sent to the Borrower under Clause (b) of Article 21.18 (Acceleration) of the Loan Agreement. The Guarantor shall make a payment against the Payment Claim within a period not exceeding five Business Days from the date when the Guarantor receives such Payment Claim under the terms and conditions of this Guarantee and the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement. 

This Guarantee is issued for a period from the Issue Date through a date that occurs after 96 months from the date of Amendment Agreement No. 3 (the “Expiration Date”). For the avoidance of doubt, the Payment Claim under this Guarantee shall be satisfied if it is sent by the Beneficiary prior to the Expiration Date (inclusive). 

The Guarantor may not assign its rights or transfer the debt under this Guarantee or otherwise dispose of any of its rights and (or) obligations under this Guarantee without the written consent of all Lenders. 

If the Borrower assigns or transfers its debt (in whole or in part) under the Loan Agreement to another person under the terms and conditions provided for in the Loan Agreement or transfers the Borrower’s obligations under the Loan Agreement to another person through a universal succession, the Guarantor hereby expresses its consent to such assignment or transfer of the debt and agrees to be jointly liable with the new borrower in the amount of the Secured Obligations. 

The Guarantor hereby expresses its consent to be jointly liable with the Borrower, irrespective of whether the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement will be amended in any way, including any amendments leading to an increase in the volume of the Secured Obligations or other adverse consequences for the Guarantor. No additional written consent of the Guarantor is required for such amendment. 

This Guarantee shall be regulated and construed under the Russian law. 

This Guarantee shall be signed in four original counterparts of equal legal effect, all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

APPENDIX 1 

ADDRESSES AND DETAILS 

SIGNATURES 

Guarantor 

LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 

HEADHUNTER FSU LIMITED 

In accordance with Article 371 of the Civil Code, the consent to the amendments to the Guarantee is granted by: 

BANK VTB (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY) 

The following signatory agrees with the terms and conditions of the Amendments: 

ZEMENIK LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 

Seal: 

[INN (Taxpayer Identification Number) 7714373561 

LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 

Primary State Registration Number (OGRN) 1167746153860 

MOSCOW 

Zemenik] 

HERBERT 

SMITH 

FREEHILLS 

77 A B 5271475 

October 5, 2017 

HEADHUNTER FSU LIMITED 

as the Pledgor 

and 

BANK VTB (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY) 

as the Pledgee 

AMENDMENT AGREEMENT No. 1 

to the Agreement of Pledge of a Participatory Interest in the Authorized Capital 

of Headhunter LLC dated May 26, 2016 

Herbert Smith Freehills CIS LLP 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

THIS AMENDMENT AGREEMENT No. 1 OF THE AGREEMENT OF PLEDGE OF A PARTICIPATORY INTEREST IN THE AUTHORIZED CAPITAL OF HEADHUNTER LLC (the “Agreement”) was executed on the fifth of October twenty seventeen between: 

PREAMBLE 

THE PARTIES HAVE AGREED as follows: 

In this Agreement: 

In respect of this Agreement, the Pledgor shall submit: 

APPENDIX 1 

REVISED PARTICIPATORY INTEREST PLEDGE AGREEMENT 

AGREEMENT OF PLEDGE OF A PARTICIPATORY INTEREST IN THE 

AUTHORIZED CAPITAL OF HEADHUNTER LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 

Moscow 

The Twenty-Sixth of May Twenty Sixteen 

(as amended by Amendment Agreement No. 1 dated October 5, 2017) 

BANK VTB (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY) (SHORT NAME: BANK VTB (PJSC)) (OGRN 1027739609391, INN 7702070139), General License for Banking Operations No. 1000, registered at its establishment by the Central Bank of the Russian Federation on October 17, 1990, No. 1000, entered into the Unified State Register of Legal Entities on November 22, 2002, (certificate of making an entry in the Unified State Register of Legal Entities concerning a legal entity being registered prior to July 01, 2002, series 77 No. 005374791, issued by Interdistrict Inspectorate of the Ministry of the Russian Federation for Taxes and Levies No. 39 for Moscow on November 22, 2002), located at: 29, Bolshaya Morskaya St., Saint Petersburg, the Russian Federation, 190000), represented by Vitaly Nikolaevich Buzoverya, acting under Power of Attorney No. 350000/25  , certified on January 14, 2016, under register number 2-25, hereinafter referred to as the “Pledgee”, on the one hand, and 

HEADHUNTER FSU LIMITED, registration number HE 178226, address (location) of the legal entity: 42 Dositheou, Strovolos 2028, Nicosia, Cyprus, represented by Yana Vladimirovna Cheremukhina, acting under the Power of Attorney dated May 12, 2016, hereinafter referred to as the “Pledgor”, on the other hand, collectively referred to as the “Parties”, 

for a due, timely and complete fulfillment of all current and future Borrower’s obligations under the Loan Agreement (as defined hereinafter), have entered into this agreement as follows: 

PREAMBLE 

IN VIEW OF THE FOREGOING, the Parties have agreed as follows: 

“Civil Code” means collectively: (a) “Civil Code of the Russian Federation (Part I)” No. 51-  dated November 30, 1994, (as amended); (b) “Civil Code of the Russian Federation (Part II)” No. 14-  dated January 26, 1996, (as amended); (c) “Civil Code of the Russian Federation (Part III)” No. 146-  dated November 26, 2001, (as amended) and (d) “Civil Code of the Russian Federation (Part IV)” No. 230-  dated December 18, 2006, (as amended). 

“Agreement” means this Agreement of Pledge of a Participatory Interest in the Authorized Capital. 

“EGRUL” means the Unified State Register of Legal Entities. 

“Borrower” means Zemenik Limited Liability Company, Taxpayer Identification Number (INN): 7714373561, Primary State Registration Number (OGRN): 1167746153860, state registration date: February 11, 2016, name of the registration authority: Interdistrict Inspectorate of the Federal Tax Services No. 46 for Moscow, certificate of state registration of the legal entity: series 77 No. 017705664, Tax Registration Reason Code (KPP): 771401001, location of the legal entity: 4 Akademika Ilyushina St., bld. 1, office 54, Moscow, the Russian Federation. 

“Law on Regulated Procurement” means Federal Law of the Russian Federation No. 223-  dated July 18, 2011, “On Procurement of Goods, Works, Services by Separate Types of Legal Entities”. 

“Loan” means funds within the Aggregate Loan Limit granted by the Lenders to the Borrower under the Loan Agreement as Tranche A, Tranche B, Tranche C, and Tranche D. 

“Loan Agreement” has the meaning specified in Clause (A) of the Preamble to this Agreement. 

“Company” means Headhunter Limited Liability Company, Taxpayer Identification Number (INN of the legal entity): 7714373561, Primary State Registration Number (OGRN): 1067761906805, state registration date: December 29, 2006, name of the registration authority: Interdistrict Inspectorate of the Federal Tax Services No. 46 for Moscow, certificate of state registration of the legal entity: series 77 No. 008856455, Tax Registration Reason Code (KPP): 771 701001, location of the legal entity: 9, Godovikova St., bld. 10, Moscow, the Russian Federation. 

“Obligations” means all Borrower’s current and future obligations under the Loan Agreement, including, but not limited to those specified in Clause 2.3 hereof. 

“Appraiser’s Report” means such report on the market value of the Collateral as prepared by an independent appraiser appointed under Article 4 (Conditions of and Procedure for Enforcement of the Collateral) hereof for determining a disposal price of the Collateral in the enforcement cases provided for hereby. 

“Collateral” means such participatory interest in the authorized capital of the Company which belongs to the Pledgor and which is specified in Clause 2.1 hereof. 

“Ruble” (“RUB”) means a legal tender of the Russian Federation. 

“Amendment Agreement No. 3” means Amendment Agreement No. 3 to the Loan Agreement dated October 05, 2017. 

“Party/Parties” means the Pledgor and the Pledgee, together or separately, depending on the context. 

“Notice” means such notice of an extra-judicial enforcement of the Collateral as sent to the Pledgor and the Company. 

Other concepts and terms used in this Agreement have the same meanings as in the Loan Agreement, unless otherwise expressly follows from the context of this Agreement. 

A fee for the obligation of granting of the Loan shall not apply to the Unused Loan Limit in terms of Tranche B and Tranche D. 

prior to the Disbursement Date of a respective Tranche. 

The Pledgor shall: 

Within 11 (Eleven) Business Days from the signing hereof, provide the Pledgee acting as the Credit Agent under the Loan Agreement with an original extract from the EGRUL proving: 

The Pledgor shall ensure that the Company does not, without the prior written consent of the Pledgee acting as the Credit Agent under the Loan Agreement, carry out any reorganization or reduction of its authorized capital, except for the Permitted Redemption if such Permitted Redemption results in the fact that the pledge hereunder will cover all 100 (one hundred) percent of participatory interest in the authorized capital of the Company. 

The Pledgor shall ensure that the Company does not increase the authorized capital without the prior written consent of the Pledgee acting as the Credit Agent under the Loan Agreement. Such consent is not required if the pledge hereunder covers all 100 (one hundred) percent of participatory interest in the authorized capital of the Company, including a participatory interest resulting from such increase of the authorized capital, since such increase of the authorized capital. Besides, the Pledgor undertakes, at its own expense, at the request of the Pledgee, to enter into, ensure notarization of and state registration of such supplementary agreement to this Agreement as satisfies the Pledgee and specifies a new amount of the Company’s authorized capital, 100% of which is pledged in favor of the Pledgee. 

The Pledgor shall ensure that the Company does not amend its constituent documents, including those related to changes in the legal form or name of the Company without the prior written consent of the Pledgee acting as the Credit Agent under the Loan Agreement, except for any technical changes and cases where any amendments are required by the applicable laws. 

The Pledgor shall ensure that the Company does not declare or pay dividends, except for the Permitted Disbursements, without the prior written consent of the Pledgee acting as the Credit Agent under the Loan Agreement. 

The Pledgor shall, within 3 (Three) Business Days from the receipt of the Notice sent by the Pledgee (unless another period is specified in the Notice), ensure signing of documents and perform all other actions necessary for an extra-judicial foreclosure and disposal of the Collateral. 

The Pledgor shall timely obtain, maintain and comply with the terms and conditions of any permits, consents and corporate approvals required by the applicable law to fulfill its obligations under this Agreement and to ensure that this Agreement can be used as evidence 

in arbitration proceedings and in courts of the Russian Federation, including arbitration courts, as well as to provide the Pledgee acting as the Credit Agent under the Loan Agreement with certified copies of such documents. 

If the Pledgor does not, within a period specified in the Notification, provide the Pledgee with the documents related to the Collateral against an acceptance certificate for disposal of the Collateral in an extra-judicial enforcement, the Pledgor shall bear any additional costs associated with the foreclosure of the Collateral. 

In concluding this Agreement, the Pledgor shall make the following representations to the Pledgee: 

The execution and performance of this Agreement and the transaction hereunder by the Pledgor do not contradict: 

Except for the pledge arising out of this Agreement, the Pledgor is the sole owner of the Collateral, has an uncontested and unrestricted right of ownership, free from any claims and rights of third parties, demands in respect of such Collateral. 

It is not required to perform any notarial actions in connection with this Agreement or to register this Agreement, inter alia, with any governmental authorities or institutions of the Russian Federation and/or the Republic of Cyprus, or to pay any state or registration duties or taxes or levies in connection with this Agreement, except in connection with the provisions of Clause 3.1 and Clause 3.2 of this Agreement. 

The pledge hereunder is security for which the Pledgee acting as the Credit Agent under the Loan Agreement has a preemptive enforcement right. Third parties do not have any rights (claims) or other rights to the Collateral. 

The provisions of the Law on Regulated Procurement do not apply to the execution and performance of this Agreement by the Pledgor as of the date of this Agreement. 

The Pledgor shall pay all taxes, levies, fees and duties to be paid by it in connection with the signing, registration or notarization of this Agreement or any other document relating hereto. If the Pledgee pays such taxes, levies, fees and duties (inter alia, those imposed on the Pledgee), the Pledgor shall reimburse the Pledgee for such costs within 10 (Ten) Business Days from the sending a respective notice to the Pledgor. 

SIGNATURES OF THE PARTIES 

The Pledgor 

HEADHUNTER FSU LIMITED 

Position: Attorney-in-Fact 

The Pledgee 

BANK VTB (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY) 

Full name, signature: 

Position: Attorney-in-Fact 

The Russian Federation. 

Moscow. 

The fifth of October, the year two thousand and seventeen. 

This agreement is certified by me, Roman Vasilyevich Ryabov, a notary of Moscow. 

The content of the agreement corresponds to the will of its parties. 

The agreement was signed before me. 

The signatories are personally known to me, their capacities have been verified. 

The legal capacities of the legal entities and the authorities of their representatives have been verified. 

The title to the property has been verified. 

Filed in the register under No.: 1-1169 

State fees collected (as per the tariff): 350 rubles 00 kopecks 

Legal and technical fees paid: 17,000 rubles 00 kopecks 

Certified at the address: 12, Presnenskaya Naberezhnaya, Moscow 

Seal: 

[MOSCOW NOTARY 

R. V. RYABOV 

INN (Taxpayer Identification Number) 

770305583110] 

Stamp: 

[Bound, numbered and sealed 27 (twenty-seven) sheets] 

October 5, 2017 

HEADHUNTER LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 

as a guarantor under this Agreement 

and 

ZEMENIK LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 

as a principal under this Agreement 

and 

BANK VTB (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY) 

as a beneficiary under this Agreement 

AMENDMENT AGREEMENT No. 1 

to the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement dated May 16, 2016 

Herbert Smith Freehills CIS LLP 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

THIS AMENDMENT AGREEMENT No. 1 TO THE INDEPENDENT GUARANTEE ISSUE AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”) has been executed on October 5, 2017, between: 

PREAMBLE 

THE PARTIES HAVE AGREED as follows: 

In this Agreement: 

“Revised Guarantee” has the meaning specified in Clause 2(b) below. 

“Revised Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement” means the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement as amended hereby, in the form of Appendix 1 (Revised Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement). 

“Amendment Agreement No. 3” has the meaning specified in Clause (A) of the Preamble. 

“Party” means a party hereto. 

Unless the context requires otherwise, any capitalized terms used in the Loan Agreement and the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement which are not defined herein have the same meaning as in the Loan Agreement and the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement. 

The provisions of Article 1.2 (Interpretation) of the Loan Agreement shall apply to this Agreement as if they are written in this Agreement; any references to Articles, Clauses and Appendices shall be deemed references to Articles, Clauses and Appendices hereof, unless the context requires otherwise. 

This Agreement is a Financial Document. 

This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Parties arising out of this Agreement shall be governed and construed by the laws of the Russian Federation. 

This Agreement has been made in 3 (three) counterparts of equal legal effect, all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument, one counterpart for each Party. 

This Agreement has been entered into on the date stated at the beginning of this Agreement. 

APPENDIX 1 

REVISED INDEPENDENT GUARANTEE ISSUE AGREEMENT 

HEADHUNTER LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 

as a guarantor under this Agreement 

and 

ZEMENIK LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 

as a principal under this Agreement 

and 

BANK VTB (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY) 

as a beneficiary under this Agreement 

INDEPENDENT GUARANTEE ISSUE AGREEMENT 

of May 16, 2016 

as amended by: 

Amendment Agreement No. 1 dated October 5, 2017 

Herbert Smith Freehills CIS LLP 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

THIS INDEPENDENT GUARANTEE ISSUE AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”) has been executed on May 16, 2016, BETWEEN: 

The Guarantor, the Borrower and the Original Lender shall hereinafter be referred to as the “Parties”, and individually as a “Party”. 

PREAMBLE 

IN VIEW OF THE FOREGOING, the Parties have agreed as follows: 

All capitalized terms used in this Agreement (including the Preamble) have the meanings specified in the Loan Agreement (the definitions for the terms of the Loan Agreement are contained in Appendix 1 (Terms of the Loan Agreement)) unless the Agreement or the context requires otherwise, while: 

“Reimbursement for the Amounts Paid under the Guarantee” means reimbursement by the Borrower to the Guarantor for amounts paid by the Guarantor in connection with the performance of its obligations under the Guarantee and (or) under this Agreement, in accordance with paragraph 1 Article 379 of the Civil Code. 

“Guarantee” means an independent guarantee issued by the Guarantor at the request of the Borrower to the Original Lender on the Issue Date in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement in the form and content as satisfactory to the Original Lender. 

“Issue Date” means such date of issue of the Guarantee as specified in the Guarantee. 

“Loan Agreement” means a syndicated loan agreement concluded on May 16, 2016, between the Original Lender as the Credit Agent, Organizer and Original Lender and the Borrower as the Borrower in an aggregate amount not exceeding RUB 7,000,000,000 (seven billion Rubles) as amended by Amendment Agreement No. 1 dated December 14, 2016, and Amendment Agreement No. 2 dated June 28, 2017, and Amendment Agreement No. 3. 

“Secured Obligations” means all current and future pecuniary obligations of the Borrower to the Lenders under the Loan Agreement (taking into account all amendments to the Loan Agreement and all provided preliminary consents and waivers of the Lenders under the Loan Agreement), including the Borrower’s obligations; 

A fee for the obligation of granting of the Loan shall not apply to the Unused Loan Limit in terms of Tranche B and Tranche D. 

“Event of Default” means any event or circumstance specified in Article 21 (Events of Default) of the Loan Agreement. 

“Amendment Agreement No. 3” means Amendment Agreement No. 3 to the Loan Agreement dated October 5, 2017. 

“Guarantee Validity Term” means a period from the Issue Date to the date specified in Article 5.1 (Validity Term). 

“Guarantee Amount” means an amount of RUB 10,300,000,000 (ten billion three hundred million Rubles). 

“Payment Claim” means a written notice which is sent by the Original Lender (or by the Credit Agent acting on behalf of the Lenders, after accession of rights (claims) under this Agreement and the Guarantee according to Article 9.2 (Transfer Rights by the Lenders)) to the Guarantor and contains: (i) an indication of a particular violation of the Secured Obligations entailing payment under the Guarantee; (ii) a claim for the Guarantor to make payments provided for by this Agreement and the Guarantee within such amount and period as specified in such notice, as well as details of the bank account to which the Guarantor shall make payment. 

The Guarantor shall, at the request of the Borrower, issue a Guarantee and hereby undertakes to pay such amount within the Guarantee Amount as specified in the Payment Claim to the Original Lender (or to pay such amount to the Credit Agent for distribution 

among the Lenders after assignment of rights (claims) under this Agreement and the Guarantee in accordance with Article 9.2 (Transfer of Rights by the Lenders)) if the Borrower fails to fulfill the Secured Obligations, regardless of the validity of the Loan Agreement, the Secured Obligations, as well as relations between the Guarantor and the Borrower, and other obligations. 

In accordance with Article 4061 of the Civil Code, the Guarantor hereby undertakes an independent and primary obligation to the Lenders that if any Secured Obligation is or becomes invalid, illegal and (or) unenforceable, the Guarantor shall, at the request of the Credit Agent, unconditionally reimburse each of the Lenders for an amount of any expenses, commissions, costs and losses (except for loss of profit) that they incur (inter alia, as the Lender, Organizer and Credit Agent) as a result of non-payment of any amount which would have been payable under the Loan Agreement as of the date of such payment or performance of an obligation if such invalidity, illegality and (or) unenforceability of the Secured Obligations did not occur. Any amounts payable by the Guarantor in accordance with this Article 2.2 shall not exceed the amount that the Guarantor would have to pay under Article 2.1 (Independent Guarantee), as if the claimed amount was subject to reimbursement pursuant to the Guarantee. 

The Guarantor shall submit the Original Lender the representations of circumstances specified in this Article 3. The Original Lender relies on such representations of circumstances of the Guarantor, and their credibility is of fundamental importance to the Original Lender. 

The Guarantor is obliged for the entire Guarantee Validity Term in respect of the following: 

The obligations of the Guarantor under this Agreement and the Guarantee: 

Such material change in circumstances as described in Article 451 of the Civil Code does not justify revoking of the Guarantee, amending or terminating this Agreement on the initiative of the Guarantor and (or) the Borrower. 

The Guarantor hereby expresses its consent to be jointly liable with the Borrower, irrespective of whether the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement will be amended in any way, including any amendments leading to an increase in the volume of the Secured Obligations or other adverse consequences for the Guarantor. No additional written consent of the Guarantor is required for such amendment. 

The Guarantee is issued for a period from the Issue Date through a date that occurs after 96 months from the date of Amendment Agreement No. 3. This Agreement shall become effective on the date of its signing indicated at the beginning of this Agreement, and shall remain in force until the obligations under the Guarantee issued hereunder are completely fulfilled. 

The obligations of the Guarantor under this Agreement and the Guarantee are permanent and are not considered fulfilled by any partial payment or partial fulfillment of all or any of the Secured Obligations. 

If the Secured Obligations are not fulfilled, as specified in Article 2 (Independent Guarantee and Reimbursement of Losses), the Original Lender (or, after assignment under this Agreement and the Guarantee in accordance with Article 9.2 (Transfer of Rights by the Lenders), the Credit Agent acting on behalf of the Lenders) shall send the Guarantor a Payment Claim and a copy of the notice of the Original Lender or the Credit Agent, respectively, sent to the Borrower under Article 21.18 (Acceleration) of the Loan Agreement. The Guarantor shall make a payment against the Payment Claim within a period not exceeding 5 (five) Business Days from the date when the Guarantor receives the Payment Claim. 

Any amounts due to the Lenders under this Agreement and the Guarantee shall be paid by the Guarantor to the Original Lender to the account of the Original Lender in Rubles (or after assignment of rights (claims) under this Agreement and the Guarantee in accordance with Article 9.2 (Transfer of Rights by the Lenders) to the Credit Agent to the Credit Agent’s account for allocation among the Lenders). 

Any pecuniary obligations of the Guarantor under this Agreement and the Guarantee shall be deemed fulfilled on the date of crediting of funds in Rubles to the account of the Original Lender in Rubles (or, after assignment of rights (claims) under this Agreement and the Guarantee in accordance with Article 9.2 (Transfer of Rights by the Lenders), to the Credit Agent’s account for allocation among the Lenders). If this Agreement, the Guarantee or any other Financial Document establishes the time prior to which the Guarantor’s obligations are to be fulfilled, the Guarantor shall ensure before the set deadline that funds are credited to the account of the Original Lender (or, after assignment of rights (claims) under this Agreement and the Guarantee in accordance with Article 9.2 (Transfer of Rights by the Lenders), to the Credit Agent’s account). 

All payments made by the Guarantor under this Agreement and the Guarantee shall be without any deductions or withholdings, except for the deductions and withholdings expressly established by the applicable law. If the current legislation contains a requirement for any deductions or withholdings in respect of payments provided for in this Agreement and the Guarantee, the Guarantor shall: 

The Guarantor shall make all payments under this Agreement and the Guarantee in Rubles, except for compensation to the Lenders of any costs incurred in connection with this Agreement and with the Guarantee, which shall be paid by the Guarantor in the same currency in which they arose (the “Agreement Currency”) if payments in such currency do not contradict the legislation. The payment obligations of the Guarantor are deemed to be performed only if the respective amounts are received by the Credit Agent in the Agreement Currency. If any amounts under this Agreement and the Guarantee are received against the obligations of the Guarantor in a currency other than the Agreement Currency, and the Original Lender (or, after assignment of rights (claims) under this Agreement and the Guarantee in accordance with Article 9.2 (Transfer of Rights by the Lenders), the Credit Agent) converts the received amount into the Agreement Currency, the Guarantor shall reimburse the Original Lender or the Credit Agent, respectively, for its expenses related to the conversion of the received amount to the Agreement Currency (at an internal currency rate of the Bank of the Account) and compensate the difference between an amount due from the Guarantor in the Agreement Currency and an amount received by the Credit Agent as a result of converting the funds received from the Guarantor into the Agreement Currency. 

Performance of the Guarantor’s obligations to make any payments provided for in this Agreement and the Guarantee is not a counterclaim for performance of the Lenders’ obligations in the meaning of Article 328 of the Civil Code. The obligations of the Guarantor to make any payments provided for by this Agreement and the Guarantee may not be stopped by offsetting any counterclaims of the Guarantor to the Lenders. The Parties agree in accordance with Article 411 of the Civil Code that the Guarantor may not terminate the claims of the Lenders to the Guarantor by set-off. 

If any maturity date under this Agreement or the Guarantee falls on a day other than a Business Day, such payment must be made on the previous Business Day. 

All amounts payable under this Agreement and the Guarantee by the Guarantor to any Lender are specified without VAT. If VAT is payable, the Guarantor shall pay an amount of VAT (at a rate effective at the date of payment) to the Lenders (in addition to any amounts payable). 

All funds received by the Lenders under this Agreement and the Guarantee shall be used by the Lenders to settle the Secured Obligations in accordance with the order of priority specified in the Loan Agreement respectively; each Lender shall receive part of the money received by the Lenders under this Agreement and the Guarantee according to its Proportional Share; no rights of the Lenders to recover any underpaid amounts from the Guarantor or any other persons, as provided for in the Loan Agreement, shall be infringed; and the Guarantor may not prevent such use. 

Any surplus cash remaining after the full performance of the Secured Obligations (that is, the full payment of principal, interest and commissions payable by the Borrower, but not paid, as well as any other payments due under the Loan Agreement) shall, within 3 (Three) Business Days from the date of receipt of the bank details from the Guarantor, be paid to the Guarantor according to the bank details specified by it. 

Any messages sent by the Parties under this Agreement and the Guarantee shall be in writing and may be sent by courier, by mail with return receipt, and, unless otherwise provided, by fax or by other means enabling to reliably establish that a message is from a Party to this Agreement. For the purposes of this Agreement and the Guarantee, a message transmitted using electronic means of communication shall be deemed to be in writing. 

Any notice or message sent by a Party in connection with this Agreement and the Guarantee must be in the Russian language. For the avoidance of doubt, the text is in Russian and may be accompanied by a translation into English; the text in Russian shall prevail. 

If any provision of this Agreement is or becomes illegal, invalid or unenforceable, this does not affect the legality, validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement. 

The Parties acknowledge that the terms and conditions of this Agreement, as well as its wording, have been jointly determined by the Parties, each Party was equally able to influence the content of this Agreement based on its own reasonable interests. 

Neither the Guarantor nor the Borrower may assign its rights or transfer the debt under this Agreement and the Guarantee or otherwise dispose of any of its rights and (or) obligations under this Agreement and the Guarantee without the written consent of all Lenders. 

If the Borrower assigns or transfers its debt (in whole or in part) under the Loan Agreement (with the consent of all Lenders) to another person under the terms and conditions provided for in the Loan Agreement or transfers the Borrower’s obligations under the Loan Agreement to another person through a universal succession, the Guarantor hereby expresses its consent to such assignment or transfer of the debt and agrees to be jointly liable with the new borrower in the amount of the Secured Obligations. 

This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Parties arising out of this Agreement shall be governed and construed by the laws of the Russian Federation. 

This Agreement has been made in 3 (three) counterparts of equal legal effect, all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument, one counterpart for each Party. 

APPENDIX 1 

TERMS OF THE LOAN AGREEMENT 

In the Loan Agreement, except where the context otherwise requires: “Auditors” means 

“Affiliate” means a Subsidiary or an Associated Company of such person or a Holding Company of such person or any other Subsidiary or Associated Company of such Holding Company. 

“Basel II” means the recommendations contained in the document adopted by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in June 2004 “International Convergence of Capital Measurement and Capital Standards: a Revised Framework”. 

“Basel III” means: 

“Majority of the Lenders” means: 

“Revenue” means, in relation to any Debtor, the revenue of such Debtor determined under the financial statements prepared pursuant to the Applicable Accounting Standards and provided under Article 17.1 (Financial Statements). 

“Guarantor” means each of HeadHunter FSU, Zemenik Trading, and Headhunter, and each Additional Guarantor. 

Contracting State to a Double Taxation Agreement 

means a state that has entered into the Double Taxation Agreement with the Russian Federation. 

“Civil Code” means the Civil Code of the Russian Federation. 

“Group” means, for the purposes of this Agreement, Zemenik Trading, as well as the Subsidiaries of Zemenik Trading whose financial statements are consolidated with the financial statements of Zemenik Trading under IFRS in the relevant period of time. 

“Disbursement Date” means every date on which the Credit Agent transfers the Loan or its part specified in the Disbursement Request to the account of the Borrower. 

“Date of the Final Redemption of Tranche A and Tranche B” means a date coming in 1,824 (one thousand eight hundred and twenty-four) calendar days from the date of this Agreement. 

“Date of the Final Redemption of Tranche C and Tranche D” means a date coming in 1,825 (one thousand eight hundred and twenty-five) calendar days from the date of Amendment Agreement No. 3. 

“Interest Payment Date” means March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31 of each year; and if the relevant day is not a Business Day, “Interest Payment Date” means the Business Day preceding a day specified above. 

“Cash” has the meaning specified for this term in IFRS. “Pledge Agreement” means each of the following contracts: 

“Borrower’s Pledge Agreement” means an agreement of pledge of a participatory interest in the authorized capital of the Borrower governed by the Russian law, executed between the Lenders and Zemenik Trading to ensure performance of the Borrower’s obligations hereunder. 

“Headhunter’s Pledge Agreement” means an agreement of pledge of a participatory interest in the authorized capital of the Headhunter governed by the Russian law, executed between the Lenders and Headhunter FSU to ensure performance of the Borrower’s obligations hereunder. 

“Headhunter FSU’s Pledge Agreement” means an agreement of pledge of shares in Headhunter FSU governed by the Cyprus law, executed between the Lenders and the Borrower to ensure performance of the Borrower’s obligations hereunder. 

“Zemenik Trading’s Pledge Agreement” means each agreement of pledge of shares in Zemenik Trading governed by the Cyprus law, executed between the Lenders, Highworld and ELQ Investors VIII to ensure performance of the Borrower’s obligations hereunder. 

“Sale and Purchase Agreement 1” means an agreement of sale and purchase of 100 (one hundred) shares in the authorized capital of HeadHunter FSU executed between the Seller as the seller and Zemenik Trading as the buyer on February 24, 2016. 

“Sale and Purchase Agreement 2” means an agreement of sale and purchase of 50 (fifty) percent minus one share in the authorized capital of HeadHunter FSU executed between Zemenik Trading as the seller and the Borrower as the buyer and providing for payment through such accounts of parties to Sale and Purchase Agreement 2 as opened with the Credit Agent, RCB Bank Ltd. (Cyprus) or with any banks affiliated to the Credit Agent. 

“Double Taxation Agreement” means a double taxation agreement between a foreign state and the Russian Federation which provides for a full or partial exemption from payment of income tax in the Russian Federation for such income as paid to foreign organizations and provided for in this Agreement. 

“Security Agreement” means: 

“Lender’s Assignment Agreement” means an agreement made primarily in the form of Appendix 4 (Form of the Lender’s Assignment Agreement) or in any other form by virtue of which the Existing Lender (as defined in Article 22 (Substitution of Parties) assigns its rights and (or) transfers its obligations under this Agreement to the New Lender (as defined in Article 22 (Substitution of Parties)). 

“Document Related to the Reorganization” has the meaning specified in Amendment Agreement No. 2. 

“Equity Instruments of the Group” means shares or participatory interests in the authorized capital of any member of the Group, as well as options or other instruments securing the right of their owner to acquire or receive shares or participatory interests in the authorized capital of any member of the Group. 

“Debtor” means the Borrower and each Guarantor. 

“Highworld’s Dollar Loan” means a loan of USD 27,031,978 granted under a loan agreement between Zemenik Trading (as the borrower) and Highworld (as the lender) on February 24, 2016. 

“Supplementary Guarantee” has the meaning specified in Article 18.5 (Provision of Supplementary Guarantees). 

“Additional Guarantor” has the meaning specified in Article 18.5 (Provision of Supplementary Guarantees). 

“Supplementary Pledge Agreement” has the meaning specified in Article 18.5 (Provision of Supplementary Guarantees). 

“Subsidiary” means any legal entity, if another (parent) company or partnership: 

including any legal entity whose authorized capital shares or participatory interests are subject to the Encumbrance, and the ownership of such encumbered shares or participatory interests is registered by virtue of such Encumbrance in favor of the secured party or a nominee acting in favor of such party. 

“Associated Company” means any legal entity in which the first legal entity owns 20 (twenty) percent or more (but not more than 50 (fifty) percent) of the authorized capital. 

“Representations of Circumstances” means the representations of the Borrower in Article 16 (Representations of Circumstances). 

“Bankruptcy Law” means Federal Law of the Russian Federation No. 127-  dated October 26, 2002, “On Insolvency (Bankruptcy)”. 

“Law on Credit Histories” means Federal Law of the Russian Federation No. 218-  dated December 30, 2004, “On Credit Histories”. 

“Law on Regulated Procurement” means Federal Law of the Russian Federation No. 223-  dated July 18, 2011, “On Procurement of Goods, Works, Services by Separate Types of Legal Entities” 

“Pledgor” means the Borrower, HeadHunter FSU, Zemenik Trading, Highworld, and ELQ Investors VIII, as well as each pledgor under each Supplementary Pledge Agreement. 

“Disbursement Request” means such request of the Borrower for disbursement of the Loan as prepared in general in the form of Appendix 3 (Form of the Disbursement Request). 

“Intellectual Property” means the Trademarks of the Debtors, domain names (including the Websites of the Debtors) registered in the name of Group’s members, a database and other intellectual property, the rights to which belong to Group’s members specified in Appendix 8 (Intellectual Property), and similar significant intellectual property owned by the Additional Guarantors (if such Additional Guarantors are not the Debtors at the date of this Agreement). 

“Exceptional Income or Expenses” means any income or expenses arising out of extraordinary circumstances of the Debtor’s business and recognized as such by a resolution of the Majority of the Lenders. 

“Key Rate” means 

and determined daily based on the data on the website of the Central Bank of the Russian Federation on the Internet at www.cbr.ru or, if changed, on any other official website of the Central Bank of the Russian Federation. If the Central Bank of the Russian Federation abolishes or ceases to use a key rate and if it is needed to determine pricing conditions for provision of financing to credit institutions of the Russian Federation, the Key Rate shall be a similar rate established by the Central Bank of the Russian Federation for pricing of refinancing through repo transactions and (or) against non-market assets. 

“Consolidated Net Debt” has the meaning specified in Article 18.7 (Definitions). 

“Consolidated EBIT” means such Group’s consolidated profit before tax for the Settlement Period as adjusted taking into account termination of transactions occurring during the Settlement Period: 

“Consolidated EBITDA” means such Consolidated EBIT for the Settlement Period as adjusted by adding the following amounts, provided that these amounts were not taken into account when calculating EBIT: 

“Confidential Information” means any such information (including personal data) in any form (including oral information, and any documents and information recorded or stored as electronic files or on any other media) on any Debtor, Pledgor or member of the Group, the Financial Documents, or the Loan which becomes known to a Party to the Financing or which is obtained by any person intending to become a Party to the Financing, from: 

except for any information that: 

“Loan” means funds within the Aggregate Loan Limit granted by the Lenders to the Borrower under this Agreement as Tranche A, Tranche B, Tranche C, and Tranche D. 

“Lender” means 

“Loan Limit” means an amount of money: 

and which may be changed under the terms and conditions hereof. 

“Margin” means: 

“Intercreditor Agreement” means the Subordination Agreement executed on or about the date of this Agreement between the Borrower, Zemenik Trading, HeadHunter FSU, Headhunter and the Lenders on the priority of claims of the lenders. 

“IFRS” means the international accounting standards referred to in Regulation No. 1606/2002 adopted by the European Parliament and the Council of Europe on July 19, 2002, insofar as applicable to respective financial statements. 

“Tax” means any tax, levy, duty or other charge or withholding of a similar nature (including any fines and penalties due in case of failure to pay or untimely payment of any of the foregoing) established by the applicable laws. 

“Tax Refund” means exemption from payment of the Tax (application of a reduced tax rate or of a tax refund) granted outside the Russian Federation in respect of any Tax relating to payments under the Financial Documents. 

“Tax Deduction” means withholding from any payment under the Financial Document of an amount of any tax or levy, including, but not limited to, a value-added tax and income tax levied on a source, as well as any similar taxes that may replace or supplement existing taxes under the applicable laws, in the amount and within the terms provided for by law. 

“Tax Payment” means an increase in the amount of payment made by the Debtor to a Party to the Financing under Article 12.1 (Reimbursement of Tax Deduction Costs), or making a payment by the Debtor to a Party to the Financing under 12.2 (Reimbursement of Tax-Related Costs). 

“Independent Guarantee” means each independent guarantee issued by Headhunter, HeadHunter FSU, and Zemenik Trading in favor of the Lenders. 

“Default” means: 

“Unused Loan Limit” means the Loan Limit for each individual Lender minus: 

“Outstanding Loan” means, at any time, cash provided to the Borrower as a loan under this Agreement and not returned to the Lenders. 

“Encumbrance” means a mortgage, pledge, lien, pawn, assignment, the right to debit funds from an account with the acceptance of a payer given in advance or a similar write-off right or another encumbrance created to ensure performance of any person’s obligations or any other agreement concluded to ensure the performance of obligations. 

“Original Financial Statements” means: 

“Loan Disbursement Period” means the Disbursement Period of Tranche A, the Disbursement Period of Tranche B, or the Disbursement Period of Tranche C and Tranche D. 

“Disbursement Period of Tranche A” means a period from the date of this Agreement (inclusive) to the date (inclusive) occurring 45 (forty-five) days from the date of this Agreement. 

“Disbursement Period of Tranche B” means a period from the date of this Agreement (inclusive) to the date (inclusive) occurring 730 (seven hundred and thirty) days from the date of this Agreement. 

“Disbursement Period of Tranche C and Tranche D” means a period from the date of Amendment Agreement No.3 (inclusive) to the date (inclusive) occurring 180 (one hundred and eighty) days from the date of Amendment Agreement No.3. 

“Incentive Plan Based on the Group’s Equity Instruments” means an agreement providing for the receipt of the following by employees (or former employees) of the Group and (or) owners of shares and (or) participatory interests of any member of the Group: 

“Sanctioned Person” has the meaning specified in Article 22.2 (Assignment of Rights and Transfer of Obligations by the Lenders). 

“Debt Ratio” has the meaning specified in Article 18.2 (Debt Ratio). 

“Percentage Covering” has the meaning specified in Article 18.3 (Percentage Covering). 

“EBITDA” means the EBITDA of any member of the Group that is determined as of the last reporting date: 

“Acceptable Lender” means the Lender that is: 

“Applicable Reporting Standards” means financial reporting standards applicable to any Debtor. 

“Seller” means Mail.ru Group LTD, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the British Virgin Islands, registration number 655058, located at: 28 Oktovriou, 232, Oceanic Building, office 501, 3035 Limassol, Cyprus 

“Proportional Share” means 

“Interest Period” means, in respect of the Outstanding Loan, each period during which interest is accrued under Article 10 (Interest Periods) and, in respect of any overdue amount, each period determined under Article 9.4 (Penalty). 

“Business Day” means any day on which banks are open to conduct ordinary banking operations in Moscow and Nicosia; except for Clause 4.2 (b) of Article 4.2 (Submission of Disbursement Requests) and Clause 8.3 (a) of Article 8.3 (Voluntary Early Repayment of the Outstanding Loan), for which the Business Day will be any day on which banks are open for ordinary banking operations in Moscow. 

“Permitted Reorganization” means a full or partial transfer of business, including contracts, assets and clients, from Headhunter to the Borrower, as well as a transfer of ownership to participatory interests in Headhunter from Headhunter FSU to the Borrower in any legal procedure not contradicting to the applicable laws, provided that: 

“Permitted Financial Indebtedness” means the Financial Indebtedness: 

“Permitted Disbursements” means: 

provided that no such payments as specified in Clauses (a)-(i) of this definition result in any negative net assets of a person making such payments. 

“Permitted Redemption” means a Group member’s repurchase of its own shares or participatory interests in the authorized capital of such member of the Group, provided that: 

“Permitted Loan” means any loans: 

“Transaction Costs” means such amount of expenses for legal advisers and due diligence as incurred in relation to a transaction under Sale and Purchase Agreement 1 in an amount of RUB 45,605,039 (from which RUB 36,281,344 was granted in the first half a year in 2016 and RUB 9,323,695 in the second half a year in 2016). 

“Settlement Date” means the end date of the Settlement Period. 

“Settlement Period” means, for the purposes of calculating the financial indicators set out in Article 18 (Financial Indicator Compliance Obligation), any period of 12 (twelve) months ending on the last day of a Group’s fiscal half a year or on the last day of a Group’s fiscal year. 

“Resolution” has the meaning given to this term in Article 23.1 (Resolutions of the Majority of the Lenders). 

“RAS” means accounting rules in accordance with the Russian laws. 

“Ruble”, “RUB” means a legal tender of the Russian Federation. 

“Websites of the Debtors” means Internet websites owned by the Debtors and listed in Appendix 8 (Intellectual Property). 

“Event of Default” means any event or circumstance specified in Article 21 (Events of Default). 

“Aggregate Loan Limit” means a total amount of all Lenders’ Loan Limits of RUB 7,000,000,000 (seven billion Rubles) as of the date of Amendment Agreement 3. 

“Aggregate Unused Loan Limit” means an aggregate amount of the Unused Loan Limits of all Lenders. 

“Amendment Agreement No. 2” means Amendment Agreement No. 2 hereto dated June 28, 2017. 

“Amendment Agreement No. 3” means Amendment Agreement No. 3 hereto dated October 5, 2017. 

“Supplementary Guarantee Issue Agreement” has the meaning specified in Article 18.5 (Provision of Supplementary Guarantees). 

“Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement” means each independent guarantee issue agreement between the Borrower, the Lenders and a respective Guarantor for provision of the Independent Guarantee. 

“Party” means a party hereto. 

“Party to the Financing” means each Lender, Credit Agent and Organizer. 

“Amount to be Granted” means a cash amount to be granted by any Lender or Lenders on the Disbursement Date specified in the Disbursement Request submitted by the Borrower. 

“Material Negative Impact” means a significant adverse effect that, in the opinion of the Majority of the Lenders, is possible on: 

“Significant Member of the Group” means any Debtor or any member of the Group whose EBITDA, assets and revenues, determined on the basis of such consolidated financial statements of the Group as of the last reporting date as prepared in accordance with IFRS and submitted to the Credit Agent under Clause (a) or (b) of Article 17.1 (Financial Statements), exceed 2.5 (two point five) percent of the Group’s similar consolidated indicators determined on the basis of the same financial statements. 

“Existing Business Contracts” means the following agreements on lease of the Headhunter office in Moscow between Headhunter as the lessee and Kalibr LLC as the lessor: 

“Group Structure Scheme” means the structure of the Group attached as Appendix 9 (Group Structure Scheme) or (if the Borrower provided the Credit Agent with a new scheme of the Group structure after the date of this Agreement) the structure of the Group submitted by the Borrower to the Credit Agent at the latest date. 

“Credit Agent’s Account” means the account whose details the Credit Agent reports to the Parties to the Financing. 

“Technical Failure” means: 

“Trademarks of the Debtors” means any trademarks registered by the Debtors and the Additional Guarantors and specified in Appendix 8 (Intellectual Property). 

“Tranche” means Tranche A, Tranche B, Tranche C, or Tranche D. 

“Tranche A” means a part of the Loan granted to the Borrower under the terms and conditions hereof in an amount of RUB 4,000,000,000 (four billion Rubles). 

“Tranche B” means a part of the Loan granted to the Borrower under the terms and conditions hereof in an amount of RUB 1,000,000,000 (one billion Rubles). 

“Tranche C” means a part of the Loan granted to the Borrower under the terms and conditions hereof in an amount of RUB 1,000,000,000 (one billion Rubles). 

“Tranche D” means a part of the Loan granted to the Borrower under the terms and conditions hereof in an amount of RUB 1,000,000,000 (one billion Rubles). 

“Financial Indebtedness” means any indebtedness resulting from: 

or any other obligation having the economic nature of borrowing in accordance with IFRS. In each case no double counting shall apply. 

“Financial Document” means: 

“Holding Company” means, in relation to a legal entity, any other legal entity for which the first legal entity is the Subsidiary. 

“Headhunter” means Headhunter Limited Liability Company incorporated under the laws of the Russian Federation, registered in the Unified State Register of Legal Entities of the Russian Federation under number (OGRN (Primary State Registration Number)): 1067761906805, located at: 9, Godovikova St., bld. 10, Moscow, the Russian Federation. 

“Cash Equivalent” has the meaning specified for this term in IFRS. 

“ELQ Investors” means ELQ Investors II Ltd, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales, registration number 06375035, registered at the address: Peterborough Court, 133 Fleet Street, London EC4A 2BB, United Kingdom. 

“ELQ Investors VIII” means ELQ Investors VIII Ltd, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales, registration number 9182214, registered at the address: Peterborough Court, 133 Fleet Street, London EC4A 2BB, United Kingdom. 

“HeadHunter FSU” means HeadHunter FSU Limited, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Cyprus, registration number HE 178226, registered at the address: 42 Dositheou, Strovolos 2028, Nicosia, Cyprus. 

“Highworld” means Highworld Investments Limited, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the British Virgin Islands, registration number 1802016, registered at the address: Trident Chambers, P.O. Box 146, Road Town, Tortola, BVI). 

“Zemenik Trading” means Zemenik Trading Limited, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Cyprus, registration number HE 332806, registered at the address: 42 Dositheou, Strovolos 2028, Nicosia, Cyprus. 

Any reference to a Sub-Clause, Clause, Article or Appendix in the above terms of the Loan Agreement shall be interpreted as a reference to the said Sub-Clause, Clause, Article of the Loan Agreement or the Appendix thereto, unless otherwise expressly stated in the text of the Loan Agreement. 

SIGNATURES OF THE PARTIES 

Guarantor 

HEADHUNTER LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 

Borrower 

ZEMENIK LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 

Seal: 

[INN (Taxpayer Identification Number) 7714373561 

LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 

Primary State Registration Number (OGRN) 1167746153860 

MOSCOW 

Zemenik] 

Original Lender 

BANK VTB (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY) 

EXECUTION COPY 

THIS AMENDMENT No. 1 to the Independent Guarantee dated May 16, 2016, (the “Amendment”) was made on October 5, 2017, by 

TO THE INDEPENDENT GUARANTEE GRANTED BY THE GUARANTOR: 

PREAMBLE 

IN VIEW OF THE FOREGOING, taking into account the provisions of Article 371 of the Civil Code, the Guarantor hereby makes the following amendments to the Guarantee: 

In this Amendment: 

“Revised Guarantee” means the Guarantee as amended by this Amendment in the form of Appendix 1 (Revised Guarantee). 

“Amendment Agreement No. 3” has the meaning specified in Clause (A) of the Preamble. 

“Party” means the Guarantor or the Original Lender (or the Credit Agent after accession of rights (claims) under the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement and this Guarantee under Article 5.2 (Transfer of Rights by the Lenders) of the Guarantee). 

Unless the context requires otherwise, any capitalized terms used in the Loan Agreement which are not defined herein have the same meaning as in the Loan Agreement as they are specified in Appendix 1 (Terms of the Loan Agreement) of the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement. 

This Amendment is a Financial Document. 

The Guarantor confirms that, since the date of this Amendment, the Guarantee shall be read in the wording of Appendix 1 (Revised Guarantee) and the rights and obligations of the Parties under the Guarantee from the date of this Amendment shall be regulated and construed under the terms and conditions of the Revised Guarantee. 

This Amendment, as well as the rights and obligations of the Parties arising out of this Amendment, shall be governed and construed by the laws of the Russian Federation. 

This Amendment shall be signed in four original counterparts of equal legal effect, all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

This Amendment has been executed on the date indicated on the first page herein. 

APPENDIX 1 

REVISED GUARANTEE 

INDEPENDENT GUARANTEE (the “Guarantee”) 

Date of issue of this Guarantee: May 16, 2016 

(as amended by amendments No. 1 dated October 5, 2017) 

THIS GUARANTEE IS ISSUED BY: 

HEADHUNTER LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY, incorporated under the laws of the Russian Federation, registered in the Unified State Register of Legal Entities of the Russian Federation under number (OGRN (Primary State Registration Number)): 1067761906805, with its office at the address: 9, Godovikova St., bld. 10, Moscow, the Russian Federation, represented by Mikhail Alexandrovich Zhukov, acting under the Articles of Association, as the guarantor under the Guarantee and the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement (the “Guarantor”). 

BANK VTB (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY) incorporated under the laws of the Russian Federation, registered in the Unified State Register of Legal Entities (EGRUL) under number (Primary State Registration Number (OGRN)): 1027739609391, located at: 29, Bolshaya Morskaya St., Saint Petersburg, the Russian Federation, 190000, represented by Vitaly Nikolaevich Buzoverya, acting under Power of Attorney 350000/25-  ”, certified on January 14, 2016, under register number 2-25, as the beneficiary under this Guarantee and the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement (the “Original Lender” or the “Credit Agent”) 

PREAMBLE 

IN VIEW OF THE FOREGOING, the Guarantor hereby confirms the following: 

All capitalized terms in this Guarantee have the meanings specified in the Loan Agreement in Appendix 1 (Terms of the Loan Agreement) of the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement unless the Guarantee or the context requires otherwise, while: 

“Issue Date” means such date of issue of the Guarantee as specified in the beginning of this Guarantee. 

“Borrower” means Zemenik Limited Liability Company, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Russian Federation, registered in the Unified State Register of Legal Entities of the Russian Federation under number (OGRN (Primary State Registration Number)): 1167746153860, located at: 4 Akademika Ilyushina St., bld. 1, office 54, Moscow, the Russian Federation, 125319. 

“Key Rate” means a key rate established by the Central Bank of the Russian Federation determined based on the data on the website of the Central Bank of the Russian Federation on the Internet at www.cbr.ru or, if changed, on any other official website of the Central 

Bank of the Russian Federation. If the Central Bank of the Russian Federation abolishes or ceases to use a key rate and if it is needed to determine pricing conditions for provision of financing to credit institutions of the Russian Federation, the Key Rate shall be a similar rate established by the Central Bank of the Russian Federation for pricing of refinancing through repo transactions and (or) against non-market assets. 

“Lender” means 

“Loan Agreement” means a syndicated loan agreement concluded on May 16, 2016, between the Original Lender as the credit agent, organizer and original lender and the Borrower as the Borrower in an aggregate amount not exceeding RUB 7,000,000,000 (seven billion Rubles) as amended by Amendment Agreement No. 1 dated December 14, 2016, Amendment Agreement No. 2 dated June 28, 2017, and Amendment Agreement No. 3. 

“Secured Obligations” means all current and future pecuniary obligations of the Borrower to the Lenders under the Loan Agreement (taking into account all amendments to the Loan Agreement and all provided preliminary consents and waivers of the Lenders under the Loan Agreement), including the following Borrower’s obligations: 

“Business Day” means any day on which banks are open for normal banking operations in Moscow and Nicosia. 

“Ruble” means a legal tender of the Russian Federation. 

“Amendment Agreement No. 3” means Amendment Agreement No. 3 to the Loan Agreement dated October 5, 2017. 

“Party” means the Guarantor or the Original Lender (or the Credit Agent after accession of rights (claims) under the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement and this Guarantee under Article 5.2 (Transfer of Rights by the Lenders)). 

“Guarantee Amount” means an amount of RUB 10,300,000,000 (ten billion three hundred million Rubles). 

“Payment Claim” means a written notice which is sent by the Credit Agent to the Guarantor and contains: (i) an indication of a particular violation of the Secured Obligations entailing payment under this Guarantee; (ii) a claim for the Guarantor to make payments provided for by this Guarantee within such amount and period as specified in such notice, as well as details of the bank account to which the Guarantor shall make payment. 

The Guarantor shall, at the request of the Borrower, issue this Guarantee and hereby undertakes to pay such amount within the Guarantee Amount as specified in the Payment Claim to the Original Lender if the Borrower fails to fulfill the Secured Obligations (or to pay such amount to the Credit Agent for distribution among the Lenders after assignment of rights (claims) under the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement and this Guarantee in accordance with Article 5.2 (Transfer of Rights by the Lenders)), regardless of the validity of the Loan Agreement, the Secured Obligations, as well as relations between the Guarantor and the Borrower, and other obligations. 

If the Secured Obligations are not fulfilled, as specified in Article 2 (Independent Guarantee) of this Guarantee, the Original Lender (or the Credit Agent acting on behalf of the Lenders after assignment under this Guarantee in accordance with Article 5.2 (Transfer of Rights by the Lenders)) shall send the Guarantor a Payment Claim and a copy of the notice of the Original Lender or the Credit Agent, respectively, sent to the Borrower under Clause (b) of Article 21.18 (Acceleration) of the Loan Agreement. The Guarantor shall make a payment against the Payment Claim within a period not exceeding five Business Days from the date when the Guarantor receives such Payment Claim under the terms and conditions of this Guarantee and the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement. 

This Guarantee is issued for a period from the Issue Date through a date that occurs after 96 months from the date of Amendment Agreement No. 3 (the “Expiration Date”). For the avoidance of doubt, the Payment Claim under this Guarantee shall be satisfied if it is sent by the Beneficiary prior to the Expiration Date (inclusive). 

The Guarantor may not assign its rights or transfer the debt under this Guarantee or otherwise dispose of any of its rights and (or) obligations under this Guarantee without the written consent of all Lenders. 

If the Borrower assigns or transfers its debt (in whole or in part) under the Loan Agreement to another person under the terms and conditions provided for in the Loan Agreement or transfers the Borrower’s obligations under the Loan Agreement to another person through a universal succession, the Guarantor hereby expresses its consent to such assignment or transfer of the debt and agrees to be jointly liable with the new borrower in the amount of the Secured Obligations. 

The Guarantor hereby expresses its consent to be jointly liable with the Borrower, irrespective of whether the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement will be amended in any way, including any amendments leading to an increase in the volume of the Secured Obligations or other adverse consequences for the Guarantor. No additional written consent of the Guarantor is required for such amendment. 

This Guarantee shall be regulated and construed under the Russian law. 

This Guarantee shall be signed in four original counterparts of equal legal effect, each counterpart constituting a single document. 

APPENDIX 1 

ADDRESSES AND DETAILS 

SIGNATURES OF THE PARTIES 

The Guarantee has been amended by: 

HEADHUNTER LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 

In accordance with Article 371 of the Civil Code, the consent to the amendments to the Guarantee is granted by: 

BANK VTB (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY) 

The following signatory agrees with the terms and conditions of the Amendments: 

ZEMENIK LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 

Seal: 

[INN (Taxpayer Identification Number) 7714373561 

LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 

OGRN (Primary State Registration Number) 1167746153860 

MOSCOW 

Zemenik] 

Primary State Registration Number (OGRN): 1067761906805 

9 Godovikova Street, Building 10, Moscow, Russian Federation 

(the “Company”) 

Primary State Registration Number (OGRN): 1027739609391 

Bolshaya Morskaya Street, 29, Saint-Petersburg, Russian Federation, 190000 

(the “Bank”) 

Date:        29 December 2017 

LETTER OF CONSENT 

in relation to the independent guarantee dated 16 May 2016 

Dear Sirs, 

1 

Yours faithfully, 

Company 

For and on behalf of 

Headhunter LLC 

Signature: 

Surname, name, patronymic: 

Title: 

2 

October 5, 2017 

LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 

ZEMENIK TRADING LIMITED 

as a guarantor under this Agreement 

and 

ZEMENIK LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 

as a principal under this Agreement 

and 

BANK VTB (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY) 

as a beneficiary under this Agreement 

AMENDMENT AGREEMENT No. 2 

to the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement dated June 1, 2016 

Herbert Smith Freehills CIS LLP 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

THIS AMENDMENT AGREEMENT No. 2 TO THE INDEPENDENT GUARANTEE ISSUE AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”) has been executed on October 5, 2017, between: 

PREAMBLE 

THE PARTIES HAVE AGREED as follows: 

In this Agreement: 

“Revised Guarantee” has the meaning specified in Clause 2(b) below. 

“Revised Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement” means the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement as amended hereby, in the form of Appendix 1 (Revised Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement). 

“Amendment Agreement No. 3” has the meaning specified in Clause (A) of the Preamble. 

“Party” means a party hereto. 

Unless the context requires otherwise, any capitalized terms used in the Loan Agreement and the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement which are not defined herein have the same meaning as in the Loan Agreement and the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement. 

The provisions of Article 1.2 (Interpretation) of the Loan Agreement shall apply to this Agreement as if they are written in this Agreement; any references to Articles, Clauses and Appendices shall be deemed references to Articles, Clauses and Appendices hereof, unless the context requires otherwise. 

This Agreement is a Financial Document. 

This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Parties arising out of this Agreement shall be governed and construed by the laws of the Russian Federation. 

This Agreement has been made in 3 (three) counterparts of equal legal effect, all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument, one counterpart for each Party. 

This Agreement has been entered into on the date stated at the beginning of this Agreement. 

APPENDIX 1 

REVISED INDEPENDENT GUARANTEE ISSUE AGREEMENT 

LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 

ZEMENIK TRADING LIMITED 

as a guarantor under this Agreement 

and 

ZEMENIK LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 

as a principal under this Agreement 

and 

BANK VTB (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY) 

as a beneficiary under this Agreement 

INDEPENDENT GUARANTEE ISSUE AGREEMENT 

dated June 1, 2016 

as amended by: 

Amendment Agreement No. 1 dated June 28, 2016, and 

Amendment Agreement No. 2 dated October 5, 2017 

Herbert Smith Freehills CIS LLP 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

THIS INDEPENDENT GUARANTEE ISSUE AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”) was executed on June 1, 2016, BETWEEN: 

The Guarantor, the Borrower and the Original Lender shall hereinafter be referred to as the “Parties”, and individually as a “Party”. 

PREAMBLE 

IN VIEW OF THE FOREGOING, the Parties have agreed as follows: 

All capitalized terms used in this Agreement (including the Preamble) have the meanings specified in the Loan Agreement (the definitions for the terms of the Loan Agreement are contained in Appendix 1 (Terms of the Loan Agreement)) unless the Agreement or the context requires otherwise, while: 

“Reimbursement for the Amounts Paid under the Guarantee” means reimbursement by the Borrower to the Guarantor for amounts paid by the Guarantor in connection with the performance of its obligations under the Guarantee and (or) under this Agreement, in accordance with paragraph 1 Article 379 of the Civil Code. 

“Guarantee” means an independent guarantee issued by the Guarantor at the request of the Borrower to the Original Lender on the Issue Date in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement in the form and content as satisfactory to the Original Lender. 

“Issue Date” means such date of issue of the Guarantee as specified in the Guarantee. 

“Loan Agreement” means a syndicated loan agreement concluded on May 16, 2016, between the Original Lender as the Credit Agent, Organizer and Original Lender and the Borrower as the Borrower in an aggregate amount not exceeding RUB 7,000,000,000 (seven billion Rubles) as amended by Amendment Agreement No. 1 dated December 14, 2016, and Amendment Agreement No. 2 dated June 28, 2017, and Amendment Agreement No. 3. 

“Secured Obligations” means all current and future pecuniary obligations of the Borrower to the Lenders under the Loan Agreement (taking into account all amendments to the Loan Agreement and all provided preliminary consents and waivers of the Lenders under the Loan Agreement), including the Borrower’s obligations regarding: 

A fee for the obligation of granting of the Loan shall not apply to the Unused Loan Limit in terms of Tranche B and Tranche D. 

“Event of Default” means any event or circumstance specified in Article 21 (Events of Default) of the Loan Agreement. 

“Amendment Agreement No. 3” means Amendment Agreement No. 3 to the Loan Agreement dated October 5, 2017. 

“Guarantee Validity Term” means a period from the Issue Date to the date specified in Article 5.1 (Validity Term). 

“Guarantee Amount” means an amount of RUB 10,300,000,000 (ten billion three hundred million Rubles). 

“Payment Claim” means a written notice which is sent by the Original Lender (or by the Credit Agent acting on behalf of the Lenders, after accession of rights (claims) under this Agreement and the Guarantee according to Article 9.2 (Transfer Rights by the Lenders)) to the Guarantor and contains: (i) an indication of a particular violation of the Secured Obligations entailing payment under the Guarantee; (ii) a claim for the Guarantor to make payments provided for by this Agreement and the Guarantee within such amount and period as specified in such notice, as well as details of the bank account to which the Guarantor shall make payment. 

The Guarantor shall, at the request of the Borrower, issue a Guarantee and hereby undertakes to pay such amount within the Guarantee Amount as specified in the Payment Claim to the Original Lender (or to pay such amount to the Credit Agent for distribution among the Lenders after assignment of rights (claims) under this Agreement and the Guarantee in accordance with Article 9.2 (Transfer of Rights by the Lenders)) if the Borrower fails to fulfill the Secured Obligations, regardless of the validity of the Loan Agreement, the Secured Obligations, as well as relations between the Guarantor and the Borrower, and other obligations. 

In accordance with Article 4061 of the Civil Code, the Guarantor hereby undertakes an independent and primary obligation to the Lenders that if any Secured Obligation is or becomes invalid, illegal and (or) unenforceable, the Guarantor shall, at the request of the Credit Agent, unconditionally reimburse each of the Lenders for an amount of any expenses, commissions, costs and losses (except for loss of profit) that they incur (inter alia, as the Lender, Organizer and Credit Agent) as a result of non-payment of any amount which would have been payable under the Loan Agreement as of the date of such payment or performance of an obligation if such invalidity, illegality and (or) unenforceability of the Secured Obligations did not occur. Any amounts payable by the Guarantor in accordance with this Article 2.2 shall not exceed the amount that the Guarantor would have to pay under Article 2.1 (Independent Guarantee), as if the claimed amount was subject to reimbursement pursuant to the Guarantee. 

The Guarantor shall submit the Original Lender the representations of circumstances specified in this Article 3. The Original Lender relies on such representations of circumstances of the Guarantor, and their credibility is of fundamental importance to the Original Lender. 

The execution and performance of this Agreement, the Guarantee and each Financial Document to which the Guarantor is a party and the transactions thereunder by the Guarantor do not contradict: 

It is not required to perform any notarial acts or to register this Agreement or the Guarantee, inter alia, with any government authorities or institutions of the Russian Federation and/or the Republic of Cyprus, or to pay respective duties in connection with this Agreement and the Guarantee. 

No judicial, arbitration or administrative proceedings against the Guarantor are initiated or, to the best of the knowledge of the Guarantor, are expected to be initiated; and there are taken no investigative actions as a result of which any adverse resolutions that can have the Material Negative Impact are made or are highly likely to be made. 

The Guarantor did not provide any loans to third parties that are not the Debtors, except for the Permitted Loans. 

No state or registration duties or taxes or levies in connection with this Agreement and the Guarantee must be paid as of the date of this Agreement. 

No provisions of the Law on Regulated Procurement are applied to the execution and performance of this Agreement, the Guarantee and the Financial Documents to which the Guarantor is a party, by the Guarantor as of the date of this Agreement. The Guarantor does not give this representation concerning application of the Law on Regulated Procurement to any Party to the Financing. 

The Guarantor is obliged for the entire Guarantee Validity Term in respect of the following: 

The Guarantor shall ensure that the Borrower provides the Credit Agent with a number of certified copies of the following documents that is sufficient for all Lenders: 

The Guarantor shall ensure that each set of financial statements provided in accordance with Article 17.1 (Financial Statements) of the Loan Agreement is prepared using the same accounting principles and for the same accounting periods that applied in preparation of the last reported Group financial statements (except for a possible change in accounting for capitalization of internal development). If any Debtor notifies the Credit Agent of any changes in accounting principles or reporting periods, the Guarantor agrees to ensure that its Auditors and auditors of the relevant Debtor provide the Credit Agent with: 

The Guarantor shall not change its Auditors without the consent of the Majority of the Lenders, except for the Auditors for the financial statements of the Group and of its members prepared in accordance with IFRS, approved or authorized pursuant to this Agreement. 

The Guarantor shall provide and undertakes to ensure that each of its Subsidiaries provides the Credit Agent with information and documents for the purposes of Article 17.8 (Client Data Verification) of the Loan Agreement. 

The Guarantor shall not create or allow and undertakes to ensure that each of the Subsidiaries of the Guarantor does not create or allow any Encumbrance on its assets without the prior written consent of the Credit Agent, except for: 

The Guarantor shall not sell, lease or otherwise dispose of any of its assets or property without the prior written consent of the Credit Agent and undertakes to ensure that any of its Subsidiaries does not sell, lease or otherwise dispose of any of its assets or property without the prior written consent of the Credit Agent, except for: 

The disposal under this Clause (vi) must be carried out at arm’s length and subject to the terms and conditions provided for in Clause (f) Article 19.3 (Asset Disposal) of the Loan Agreement. 

A member of the Group alienating the Alienated Group Member may, without the consent of the Credit Agent, pay the Allocated Amount in an amount that does not entail a violation of the financial indicator provided for in Sub-Clauses (A) and (B) of this Clause (vi). The Allocated Amount may be paid according to the results of the sale of the Alienated Group Member only once. A seller of the Alienated Group Member may use any funds remaining after payment of the Allocated Amount in consultation with the Credit Agent. 

“Group Cash” means the Cash and Cash Equivalent belonging to the Group. 

“Cash of the Alienated Group Member” means the Cash and Cash Equivalent belonging to the Alienated Group Member. 

“Alienated Group Member” means a Group member which is not the Debtor (except for CV Keskus OU) whose shares or participatory interest in the authorized capital are to be disposed of. 

“Debt Indicator” means the ratio of the Net Debt to the EBITDA. 

“After-Disposal Debt Ratio” means an indicator calculated in case of disposal of shares or participatory interest in the authorized capital of a member of the Group (hereinafter referred to as the “Alienated Group Member”) by the following formula: 

After-Disposal Debt Ratio = (A - B - C)/p - E), 

where: 

A means the Consolidated Net Debt as of the last Settlement Date; 

B means an amount of the part of the Outstanding Loan repaid by the Borrower in advance at the expense of funds obtained from the disposal of shares or participatory interest in the authorized capital of the Alienated Group Member; 

C means the Loan repaid by the Borrower within a period commencing on the expiry date of the last Settlement Period and ending on the day of submission of the certificate containing the calculation of a relevant After-Disposal Debt Ratio; 

D means such Consolidated EBITDA for the most recent Settlement Date as determined in accordance with such Group’s latest financial statements for the relevant Settlement Period as prepared in accordance with IFRS and provided to the Credit Agent under Clause (a) or (b) of Article 17.1 (Financial Statements) of the Loan Agreement (or which was to be provided to the Credit Agent under the reporting terms provided for in Clause (a) or (b) of Article 17.1 (Financial Reporting) of the Loan Agreement); and 

E means the EBITDA of the Alienated Group Member calculated on the basis of the management statements of the company of the Alienated Group Member as of the last Settlement Date using a calculation procedure similar to the calculation method of the Consolidated EBITDA. 

“Purchase Price” means cash that is actually received as a result of sale of the Alienated Group Member. 

“Allocated Amount” means a cash amount to be paid to the shareholders of Zemenik Trading as a result of disposal of the Alienated Group Member. 

“Cash Amount” means an amount calculated as the difference between the Group Cash, the Cash of the Alienated Group Member and the Allocated Amount, plus the Purchase Price. 

“Net Debt” means the difference between the Group’s Financial Indebtedness (taking into account the Group’s Financial Indebtedness to the Alienated Group Member recognized effectively after the disposal of the Alienated Group Member) and an amount of the Financial Indebtedness of the Alienated Group Member (excluding the Financial Indebtedness of the Alienated Group Member to other members of the Group) and the Cash Amount. 

“EBITDA” means the difference between the Consolidated EBITDA and the EBITDA of the Alienated Group Member. 

The Guarantor shall not purchase any assets without the prior written consent of the Credit Agent and undertakes to ensure that no Subsidiary purchases any assets without the prior written consent of the Credit Agent, except for the acquisition of assets: 

Except for the Permitted Loans, the Guarantor is not entitled to act as a lender in respect of any Financial Indebtedness without the prior written consent of the Credit Agent and undertakes to ensure that any of its Subsidiaries does not act as a lender in respect of any Financial Indebtedness without the prior written consent of the Credit Agent. 

The Guarantor shall not enter into any transactions which will result in the Financial Indebtedness for the Guarantor and shall not allow the existence of an overdue Financial Indebtedness, and undertakes to ensure that any of its Subsidiaries does not enter into any transaction which will result in the Financial Indebtedness for the Borrower’s Subsidiary and shall not allow the existence of an overdue Financial Indebtedness without the prior written consent of the Credit Agent, except for the Permitted Financial Indebtedness. 

The Guarantor shall comply with and undertakes to ensure that any of its Subsidiaries complies with the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, all related subsequent conditions specified in Part 2 of Appendix 2 (Requirements to the Borrower for Obtaining a Loan under Tranche A and Tranche B) to the Loan Agreement. 

The Guarantor shall ensure that as at the end of each fiscal half a year within the validity term of this Agreement such amount of the Guarantor’s net assets and the net assets of the Borrower and Headhunter as determined for the Borrower and Headhunter under the financial statements submitted under Clause (d) Article 17.1 (Financial Statements) of the Loan Agreement and as determined for the Guarantor under the financial statements submitted under Clauses (a) or (b) Article 17.1 (Financial Statements) of the Loan Agreement is positive. 

The Guarantor shall not make any significant changes in the main areas of its economic activities and undertakes to ensure that each of its Subsidiaries does not make any significant changes in the main areas of its economic activities without the prior written consent of the Credit Agent. For the avoidance of doubt, this Clause (q) does not apply to the reduction or termination of the economic activities of Headhunter as a result of the Permitted Reorganization. 

The Guarantor shall maintain the Existing Business Contracts up to the Final Redemption Date or, if it is commercially justified, conclude new contracts on similar terms at least one month before the expiration of the Existing Business Contracts. 

The Guarantor shall pay taxes and levies in a timely manner under the laws of the Republic of Cyprus (hereinafter referred to as the “Mandatory Payments”) and shall ensure that each of its Subsidiaries timely pays the Mandatory Payments in accordance with the applicable law, with the exception of: 

The Guarantor shall ensure that its obligations hereunder (when they are to be fulfilled) shall be deemed to be of the same class as its other existing and future unsecured payment obligations and that any of its Subsidiaries shall ensure that the Guarantor’s obligations hereunder (when they are to be fulfilled) shall be deemed to be of the same class as other existing and future unsecured payment obligations of such Subsidiary, except for any obligations, whose primary satisfaction is directly provided for by law. 

The Guarantor shall ensure maintaining the existing structure of the Group in accordance with the Group Structure Scheme. This obligation does not apply to any actions permitted or provided for under the Financial Documents. 

When the Default occurs and remains uneliminated or when there are sufficient grounds for the Credit Agent to believe that the Default may occur, the Guarantor shall, at the request of the Credit Agent, provide (and ensure that each of its Subsidiaries provides) the Credit Agent and/or its auditors or other professional advisers free access to its premises, assets and primary accounting and tax accounting documents (on paper or electronic media), including issue of powers of attorney for the persons concerned, as well as organize a meeting with the Group management. 

The Guarantor shall, at the request of any Party to the Financing, at its own expense, take any actions and sign any documents and ensure that any of its Subsidiaries, at such Subsidiary’s own expense, takes any action and signs any documents necessary to ensure the validity and proper performance of the Financial Documents. In particular, the Guarantor shall, at its own expense, at the request of the Credit Agent, ensure: 

The Guarantor shall not reorganize or reduce its authorized, additional or another capital and undertakes to ensure that any Subsidiary of the Guarantor does not reorganize or reduce its authorized, additional or another capital without the prior written consent of the Credit Agent, except for (i) the Permitted Redemption , (ii) the payments provided for in Sub-Clauses (c) and (d) of the definition “Authorized Payments” of Clause 1.1 (Terms) of the Loan Agreement in the form of a reduction in the additional capital of the Guarantor because of allocation of these amounts to the Guarantor’s shareholders and (iii) the reduction of the Guarantor’s 

additional capital by a total amount not exceeding the amount of the Outstanding Loan relating to Tranche B and Tranche D because of allocation of these amounts to the Guarantor’s shareholders provided for by Sub-Clause (c) of Article 3 (Purpose) of the Loan Agreement. 

The Guarantor shall not increase its authorized capital and undertakes to ensure that any Subsidiary of the Guarantor does not issue new shares and does not increase its authorized capital without the prior written consent of the Credit Agent, except for the cases: 

The Guarantor shall not make amendments to its constituent documents, including those related to any changes in the legal form or name of the Guarantor, and undertakes to ensure that no Debtor makes amendments to its constituent documents, including those related to any changes in its legal form or name, without the prior written consent of the Credit Agent, except for any technical changes and cases where changes are required under applicable laws. 

If any payments provided for by Sub-Clauses (B) or (C) above are made, the Guarantor undertakes to ensure that the Borrower submits to the Credit Agent the calculation of the Adjusted Debt Ratio at least 5 (five) business days prior to such payment. 

“Consolidated Net Profit of the Group” has the meaning specified in Article 18.7 (Definitions) of the Loan Agreement. 

“Adjusted Consolidated Net Profit of the Group” means, as of the last Settlement Date, the Consolidated Net Profit of the Group for the Settlement Period ending on such Settlement Date, excluding: 

“Adjusted Debt Ratio” means, as of the last Settlement Date, such ratio of the Consolidated Net Debt (as of such Settlement Date) and the Dividend Amount to the Consolidated EBITDA as calculated on the basis of the consolidated financial statements of the Group (provided to the Credit Agent under Clause (a) or (b) of Article 17.1 (Financial Statements) of the Loan Agreement) as of the Settlement Date occurred within 5 (five) months prior to the date of payment of the allocated profit under Sub-Clauses (B) or (C) Clause (i) above. 

“Dividend Amount” means an amount of dividends: (i) paid to the Guarantor’s shareholders during a fiscal half a year ending on the last Settlement Date and (ii) planned for payment to the Guarantor’s shareholders during a fiscal half a year beginning on a day immediately after such Settlement Date. 

The obligations of the Guarantor under this Agreement and the Guarantee: 

Such material change in circumstances as described in Article 451 of the Civil Code does not justify revoking of the Guarantee, amending or terminating this Agreement on the initiative of the Guarantor and (or) the Borrower. 

The Guarantor hereby expresses its consent to be jointly liable with the Borrower, irrespective of whether the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement will be amended in any way, including any amendments leading to an increase in the volume of the Secured Obligations or other adverse consequences for the Guarantor. No additional written consent of the Guarantor is required for such amendment. 

The Guarantee is issued for a period from the Issue Date through a date that occurs after 96 months from the date of Amendment Agreement No. 3. This Agreement shall become effective on the date of its signing indicated at the beginning of this Agreement, and shall remain in force until the obligations under the Guarantee issued hereunder are completely fulfilled. 

The obligations of the Guarantor under this Agreement and the Guarantee are permanent and are not considered fulfilled by any partial payment or partial fulfillment of all or any of the Secured Obligations. 

If the Secured Obligations are not fulfilled, as specified in Article 2 (Independent Guarantee and Reimbursement of Losses), the Original Lender (or, after assignment under this Agreement and the Guarantee in accordance with Article 9.2 (Transfer of Rights by the Lenders), the Credit Agent acting on behalf of the Lenders) shall send the Guarantor a Payment Claim and a copy of the notice of the Original Lender or the Credit Agent, respectively, sent to the Borrower under Article 21.18 (Acceleration) of the Loan Agreement. The Guarantor shall make a payment against the Payment Claim within a period not exceeding 5 (five) Business Days from the date when the Guarantor receives the Payment Claim. 

Any amounts due to the Lenders under this Agreement and the Guarantee shall be paid by the Guarantor to the Original Lender to the account of the Original Lender in Rubles (or after assignment of rights (claims) under this Agreement and the Guarantee in accordance with Article 9.2 (Transfer of Rights by the Lenders) to the Credit Agent to the Credit Agent’s account for allocation among the Lenders). 

Any pecuniary obligations of the Guarantor under this Agreement and the Guarantee shall be deemed fulfilled on the date of crediting of funds in Rubles to the account of the Original Lender in Rubles (or, after assignment of rights (claims) under this Agreement and the Guarantee in accordance with Article 9.2 (Transfer of Rights by the Lenders), to the Credit Agent’s account for allocation among the Lenders). If this Agreement, the Guarantee or any other Financial Document establishes the time prior to which the Guarantor’s obligations are to be fulfilled, the Guarantor shall ensure before the set deadline that funds are credited to the account of the Original Lender (or, after assignment of rights (claims) under this Agreement and the Guarantee in accordance with Article 9.2 (Transfer of Rights by the Lenders), to the Credit Agent’s account). 

All payments made by the Guarantor under this Agreement and the Guarantee shall be without any deductions or withholdings, except for the deductions and withholdings expressly established by the applicable law. If the current legislation contains a requirement for any deductions or withholdings in respect of payments provided for in this Agreement and the Guarantee, the Guarantor shall: 

The Guarantor shall make all payments under this Agreement and the Guarantee in Rubles, except for compensation to the Lenders of any costs incurred in connection with this Agreement and with the Guarantee, which shall be paid by the Guarantor in the same 

currency in which they arose (the “Agreement Currency”) if payments in such currency do not contradict the legislation. The payment obligations of the Guarantor are deemed to be performed only if the respective amounts are received by the Credit Agent in the Agreement Currency. If any amounts under this Agreement and the Guarantee are received against the obligations of the Guarantor in a currency other than the Agreement Currency, and the Original Lender (or, after assignment of rights (claims) under this Agreement and the Guarantee in accordance with Article 9.2 (Transfer of Rights by the Lenders), the Credit Agent) converts the received amount into the Agreement Currency, the Guarantor shall reimburse the Original Lender or the Credit Agent, respectively, for its expenses related to the conversion of the received amount to the Agreement Currency (at an internal currency rate of the Bank of the Account) and compensate the difference between an amount due from the Guarantor in the Agreement Currency and an amount received by the Credit Agent as a result of converting the funds received from the Guarantor into the Agreement Currency. 

Performance of the Guarantor’s obligations to make any payments provided for in this Agreement and the Guarantee is not a counterclaim for performance of the Lenders’ obligations in the meaning of Article 328 of the Civil Code. The obligations of the Guarantor to make any payments provided for by this Agreement and the Guarantee may not be stopped by offsetting any counterclaims of the Guarantor to the Lenders. The Parties agree in accordance with Article 411 of the Civil Code that the Guarantor may not terminate the claims of the Lenders to the Guarantor by set-off. 

If any maturity date under this Agreement or the Guarantee falls on a day other than a Business Day, such payment must be made on the previous Business Day. 

All amounts payable under this Agreement and the Guarantee by the Guarantor to any Lender are specified without VAT. If VAT is payable, the Guarantor shall pay an amount of VAT (at a rate effective at the date of payment) to the Lenders (in addition to any amounts payable). 

All funds received by the Lenders under this Agreement and the Guarantee shall be used by the Lenders to settle the Secured Obligations in accordance with the order of priority specified in the Loan Agreement respectively; each Lender shall receive part of the money received by the Lenders under this Agreement and the Guarantee according to its Proportional Share; no rights of the Lenders to recover any underpaid amounts from the Guarantor or any other persons, as provided for in the Loan Agreement, shall be infringed; and the Guarantor may not prevent such use. 

Any surplus cash remaining after the full performance of the Secured Obligations (that is, the full payment of principal, interest and commissions payable by the Borrower, but not paid, as well as any other payments due under the Loan Agreement) shall, within 3 (Three) Business Days from the date of receipt of the bank details from the Guarantor, be paid to the Guarantor according to the bank details specified by it. 

Any messages sent by the Parties under this Agreement and the Guarantee shall be in writing and may be sent by courier, by mail with return receipt, and, unless otherwise provided, by fax or by other means enabling to reliably establish that a message is from a Party to this Agreement. For the purposes of this Agreement and the Guarantee, a message transmitted using electronic means of communication shall be deemed to be in writing. 

Any notice or message sent by a Party in connection with this Agreement and the Guarantee must be in the Russian language. For the avoidance of doubt, the text is in Russian and may be accompanied by a translation into English; the text in Russian shall prevail. 

If any provision of this Agreement is or becomes illegal, invalid or unenforceable, this does not affect the legality, validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement. 

The Parties acknowledge that the terms and conditions of this Agreement, as well as its wording, have been jointly determined by the Parties, each Party was equally able to influence the content of this Agreement based on its own reasonable interests. 

Neither the Guarantor nor the Borrower may assign its rights or transfer the debt under this Agreement and the Guarantee or otherwise dispose of any of its rights and (or) obligations under this Agreement and the Guarantee without the written consent of all Lenders. 

If the Borrower assigns or transfers its debt (in whole or in part) under the Loan Agreement (with the consent of all Lenders) to another person under the terms and conditions provided for in the Loan Agreement or transfers the Borrower’s obligations under the Loan Agreement to another person through a universal succession, the Guarantor hereby expresses its consent to such assignment or transfer of the debt and agrees to be jointly liable with the new borrower in the amount of the Secured Obligations. 

This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Parties arising out of this Agreement shall be governed and construed by the laws of the Russian Federation. 

This Agreement has been made in 3 (three) counterparts of equal legal effect, all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument, one counterpart for each Party. 

APPENDIX 1 

TERMS OF THE LOAN AGREEMENT 

In the Loan Agreement, except where the context otherwise requires: “Auditors” means 

“Affiliate” means a Subsidiary or an Associated Company of such person or a Holding Company of such person or any other Subsidiary or Associated Company of such Holding Company. 

“Basel II” means the recommendations contained in the document adopted by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in June 2004 “International Convergence of Capital Measurement and Capital Standards: a Revised Framework”. 

“Basel III” means: 

“Majority of the Lenders” means: 

“Revenue” means, in relation to any Debtor, the revenue of such Debtor determined under the financial statements prepared pursuant to the Applicable Accounting Standards and provided under Article 17.1 (Financial Statements). 

“Guarantor” means each of HeadHunter FSU, Zemenik Trading, and Headhunter, and each Additional Guarantor. 

Contracting State to a Double Taxation Agreement 

means a state that has entered into the Double Taxation Agreement with the Russian Federation. 

“Civil Code” means the Civil Code of the Russian Federation. 

“Group” means, for the purposes of this Agreement, Zemenik Trading, as well as the Subsidiaries of Zemenik Trading whose financial statements are consolidated with the financial statements of Zemenik Trading under IFRS in the relevant period of time. 

“Disbursement Date” means every date on which the Credit Agent transfers the Loan or its part specified in the Disbursement Request to the account of the Borrower. 

“Date of the Final Redemption of Tranche A and Tranche B” means a date coming in 1,824 (one thousand eight hundred and twenty-four) calendar days from the date of this Agreement. 

“Date of the Final Redemption of Tranche C and Tranche D” means a date coming in 1,825 (one thousand eight hundred and twenty-five) calendar days from the date of Amendment Agreement No. 3. 

“Interest Payment Date” means March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31 of each year; and if the relevant day is not a Business Day, “Interest Payment Date” means the Business Day preceding a day specified above. 

“Cash” has the meaning specified for this term in IFRS. “Pledge Agreement” means each of the following contracts: 

“Borrower’s Pledge Agreement” means an agreement of pledge of a participatory interest in the authorized capital of the Borrower governed by the Russian law, executed between the Lenders and Zemenik Trading to ensure performance of the Borrower’s obligations hereunder. 

“Headhunter’s Pledge Agreement” means an agreement of pledge of a participatory interest in the authorized capital of the Headhunter governed by the Russian law, executed between the Lenders and Headhunter FSU to ensure performance of the Borrower’s obligations hereunder. 

“Headhunter FSU’s Pledge Agreement” means an agreement of pledge of shares in Headhunter FSU governed by the Cyprus law, executed between the Lenders and the Borrower to ensure performance of the Borrower’s obligations hereunder. 

“Zemenik Trading’s Pledge Agreement” means each agreement of pledge of shares in Zemenik Trading governed by the Cyprus law, executed between the Lenders, Highworld and ELQ Investors VIII to ensure performance of the Borrower’s obligations hereunder. 

“Sale and Purchase Agreement 1” means an agreement of sale and purchase of 100 (one hundred) shares in the authorized capital of HeadHunter FSU executed between the Seller as the seller and Zemenik Trading as the buyer on February 24, 2016. 

“Sale and Purchase Agreement 2” means an agreement of sale and purchase of 50 (fifty) percent minus one share in the authorized capital of HeadHunter FSU executed between Zemenik Trading as the seller and the Borrower as the buyer and providing for payment through such accounts of parties to Sale and Purchase Agreement 2 as opened with the Credit Agent, RCB Bank Ltd. (Cyprus) or with any banks affiliated to the Credit Agent. 

“Double Taxation Agreement” means a double taxation agreement between a foreign state and the Russian Federation which provides for a full or partial exemption from payment of income tax in the Russian Federation for such income as paid to foreign organizations and provided for in this Agreement. 

“Security Agreement” means: 

“Lender’s Assignment Agreement” means an agreement made primarily in the form of Appendix 4 (Form of the Lender’s Assignment Agreement) or in any other form by virtue of which the Existing Lender (as defined in Article 22 (Substitution of Parties) assigns its rights and (or) transfers its obligations under this Agreement to the New Lender (as defined in Article 22 (Substitution of Parties)). 

“Document Related to the Reorganization” has the meaning specified in Amendment Agreement No. 2. 

“Equity Instruments of the Group” means shares or participatory interests in the authorized capital of any member of the Group, as well as options or other instruments securing the right of their owner to acquire or receive shares or participatory interests in the authorized capital of any member of the Group. 

“Debtor” means the Borrower and each Guarantor. 

“Highworld’s Dollar Loan” means a loan of USD 27,031,978 granted under a loan agreement between Zemenik Trading (as the borrower) and Highworld (as the lender) on February 24, 2016. 

“Supplementary Guarantee” has the meaning specified in Article 18.5 (Provision of Supplementary Guarantees). 

“Additional Guarantor” has the meaning specified in Article 18.5 (Provision of Supplementary Guarantees). 

“Supplementary Pledge Agreement” has the meaning specified in Article 18.5 (Provision of Supplementary Guarantees). 

“Subsidiary” means any legal entity, if another (parent) company or partnership: 

including any legal entity whose authorized capital shares or participatory interests are subject to the Encumbrance, and the ownership of such encumbered shares or participatory interests is registered by virtue of such Encumbrance in favor of the secured party or a nominee acting in favor of such party. 

“Associated Company” means any legal entity in which the first legal entity owns 20 (twenty) percent or more (but not more than 50 (fifty) percent) of the authorized capital. 

“Representations of Circumstances” means the representations of the Borrower in Article 16 (Representations of Circumstances). 

“Bankruptcy Law” means Federal Law of the Russian Federation No. 127-  — dated October 26, 2002, “On Insolvency (Bankruptcy)”. 

“Law on Credit Histories” means Federal Law of the Russian Federation No. 218-  — dated December 30, 2004, “On Credit Histories”. 

“Law on Regulated Procurement” means Federal Law of the Russian Federation No. 223-  — dated July 18, 2011, “On Procurement of Goods, Works, Services by Separate Types of Legal Entities” 

“Pledgor” means the Borrower, HeadHunter FSU, Zemenik Trading, Highworld, and ELQ Investors VIII, as well as each pledgor under each Supplementary Pledge Agreement. 

“Disbursement Request” means such request of the Borrower for disbursement of the Loan as prepared in general in the form of Appendix 3 (Form of the Disbursement Request). 

“Intellectual Property” means the Trademarks of the Debtors, domain names (including the Websites of the Debtors) registered in the name of Group’s members, a database and other intellectual property, the rights to which belong to Group’s members specified in Appendix 8 (Intellectual Property), and similar significant intellectual property owned by the Additional Guarantors (if such Additional Guarantors are not the Debtors at the date of this Agreement). 

“Exceptional Income or Expenses” means any income or expenses arising out of extraordinary circumstances of the Debtor’s business and recognized as such by a resolution of the Majority of the Lenders. 

“Key Rate” means 

and determined daily based on the data on the website of the Central Bank of the Russian Federation on the Internet at www.cbr.ru or, if changed, on any other official website of the Central Bank of the Russian Federation. If the Central Bank of the Russian Federation abolishes or ceases to use a key rate and if it is needed to determine pricing conditions for provision of financing to credit institutions of the Russian Federation, the Key Rate shall be a similar rate established by the Central Bank of the Russian Federation for pricing of refinancing through repo transactions and (or) against non-market assets. 

“Consolidated Net Debt” has the meaning specified in Article 18.7 (Definitions). 

“Consolidated EBIT” means such Group’s consolidated profit before tax for the Settlement Period as adjusted taking into account termination of transactions occurring during the Settlement Period: 

“Consolidated EBITDA” means such Consolidated EBIT for the Settlement Period as adjusted by adding the following amounts, provided that these amounts were not taken into account when calculating EBIT: 

“Confidential Information” means any such information (including personal data) in any form (including oral information, and any documents and information recorded or stored as electronic files or on any other media) on any Debtor, Pledgor or member of the Group, the Financial Documents, or the Loan which becomes known to a Party to the Financing or which is obtained by any person intending to become a Party to the Financing, from: 

except for any information that: 

“Loan” means funds within the Aggregate Loan Limit granted by the Lenders to the Borrower under this Agreement as Tranche A, Tranche B, Tranche C, and Tranche D. 

“Lender” means 

“Loan Limit” means an amount of money: 

and which may be changed under the terms and conditions hereof. 

“Margin” means: 

“Intercreditor Agreement” means the Subordination Agreement executed on or about the date of this Agreement between the Borrower, Zemenik Trading, HeadHunter FSU, Headhunter and the Lenders on the priority of claims of the lenders. 

“IFRS” means the international accounting standards referred to in Regulation No. 1606/2002 adopted by the European Parliament and the Council of Europe on July 19, 2002, insofar as applicable to respective financial statements. 

“Tax” means any tax, levy, duty or other charge or withholding of a similar nature (including any fines and penalties due in case of failure to pay or untimely payment of any of the foregoing) established by the applicable laws. 

“Tax Refund” means exemption from payment of the Tax (application of a reduced tax rate or of a tax refund) granted outside the Russian Federation in respect of any Tax relating to payments under the Financial Documents. 

“Tax Deduction” means withholding from any payment under the Financial Document of an amount of any tax or levy, including, but not limited to, a value-added tax and income tax levied on a source, as well as any similar taxes that may replace or supplement existing taxes under the applicable laws, in the amount and within the terms provided for by law. 

“Tax Payment” means an increase in the amount of payment made by the Debtor to a Party to the Financing under Article 12.1 (Reimbursement of Tax Deduction Costs), or making a payment by the Debtor to a Party to the Financing under 12.2 (Reimbursement of Tax-Related Costs). 

“Independent Guarantee” means each independent guarantee issued by Headhunter, HeadHunter FSU, and Zemenik Trading in favor of the Lenders. 

“Default” means: 

“Unused Loan Limit” means the Loan Limit for each individual Lender minus: 

“Outstanding Loan” means, at any time, cash provided to the Borrower as a loan under this Agreement and not returned to the Lenders. 

“Encumbrance” means a mortgage, pledge, lien, pawn, assignment, the right to debit funds from an account with the acceptance of a payer given in advance or a similar write-off right or another encumbrance created to ensure performance of any person’s obligations or any other agreement concluded to ensure the performance of obligations. 

“Original Financial Statements” means: 

“Loan Disbursement Period” means the Disbursement Period of Tranche A, the Disbursement Period of Tranche B, or the Disbursement Period of Tranche C and Tranche D. 

“Disbursement Period of Tranche A” means a period from the date of this Agreement (inclusive) to the date (inclusive) occurring 45 (forty-five) days from the date of this Agreement. 

“Disbursement Period of Tranche B” means a period from the date of this Agreement (inclusive) to the date (inclusive) occurring 730 (seven hundred and thirty) days from the date of this Agreement. 

“Disbursement Period of Tranche C and Tranche D” means a period from the date of Amendment Agreement No.3 (inclusive) to the date (inclusive) occurring 180 (one hundred and eighty) days from the date of Amendment Agreement No.3. 

“Incentive Plan Based on the Group’s Equity Instruments” means an agreement providing for the receipt of the following by employees (or former employees) of the Group and (or) owners of shares and (or) participatory interests of any member of the Group: 

“Sanctioned Person” has the meaning specified in Article 22.2 (Assignment of Rights and Transfer of Obligations by the Lenders). 

“Debt Ratio” has the meaning specified in Article 18.2 (Debt Ratio). 

“Percentage Covering” has the meaning specified in Article 18.3 (Percentage Covering). 

“EBITDA” means the EBITDA of any member of the Group that is determined as of the last reporting date: 

“Acceptable Lender” means the Lender that is: 

“Applicable Reporting Standards” means financial reporting standards applicable to any Debtor. 

“Seller” means Mail.ru Group LTD, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the British Virgin Islands, registration number 655058, located at: 28 Oktovriou, 232, Oceanic Building, office 501, 3035 Limassol, Cyprus 

“Proportional Share” means 

“Interest Period” means, in respect of the Outstanding Loan, each period during which interest is accrued under Article 10 (Interest Periods) and, in respect of any overdue amount, each period determined under Article 9.4 (Penalty). 

“Business Day” means any day on which banks are open to conduct ordinary banking operations in Moscow and Nicosia; except for Clause 4.2 (b) of Article 4.2 (Submission of Disbursement Requests) and Clause 8.3 (a) of Article 8.3 (Voluntary Early Repayment of the Outstanding Loan), for which the Business Day will be any day on which banks are open for ordinary banking operations in Moscow. 

“Permitted Reorganization” means a full or partial transfer of business, including contracts, assets and clients, from Headhunter to the Borrower, as well as a transfer of ownership to participatory interests in Headhunter from Headhunter FSU to the Borrower in any legal procedure not contradicting to the applicable laws, provided that: 

“Permitted Financial Indebtedness” means the Financial Indebtedness: 

“Permitted Disbursements” means: 

provided that no such payments as specified in Clauses (a)-(i) of this definition result in any negative net assets of a person making such payments. 

“Permitted Redemption” means a Group member’s repurchase of its own shares or participatory interests in the authorized capital of such member of the Group, provided that: 

“Permitted Loan” means any loans: 

“Transaction Costs” means such amount of expenses for legal advisers and due diligence as incurred in relation to a transaction under Sale and Purchase Agreement 1 in an amount of RUB 45,605,039 (from which RUB 36,281,344 was granted in the first half a year in 2016 and RUB 9,323,695 in the second half a year in 2016). 

“Settlement Date” means the end date of the Settlement Period. 

“Settlement Period” means, for the purposes of calculating the financial indicators set out in Article 18 (Financial Indicator Compliance Obligation), any period of 12 (twelve) months ending on the last day of a Group’s fiscal half a year or on the last day of a Group’s fiscal year. 

“Resolution” has the meaning given to this term in Article 23.1 (Resolutions of the Majority of the Lenders). 

“RAS” means accounting rules in accordance with the Russian laws. 

“Ruble”, “RUB” means a legal tender of the Russian Federation. 

“Websites of the Debtors” means Internet websites owned by the Debtors and listed in Appendix 8 (Intellectual Property). 

“Event of Default” means any event or circumstance specified in Article 21 (Events of Default). 

“Aggregate Loan Limit” means a total amount of all Lenders’ Loan Limits of RUB 7,000,000,000 (seven billion Rubles) as of the date of Amendment Agreement 3. 

“Aggregate Unused Loan Limit” means an aggregate amount of the Unused Loan Limits of all Lenders. 

“Amendment Agreement No. 2” means Amendment Agreement No. 2 hereto dated June 28, 2017. 

“Amendment Agreement No. 3” means Amendment Agreement No. 3 hereto dated October     , 2017. 

“Supplementary Guarantee Issue Agreement” has the meaning specified in Article 18.5 (Provision of Supplementary Guarantees). 

“Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement” means each independent guarantee issue agreement between the Borrower, the Lenders and a respective Guarantor for provision of the Independent Guarantee. 

“Party” means a party hereto. 

“Party to the Financing” means each Lender, Credit Agent and Organizer. 

“Amount to be Granted” means a cash amount to be granted by any Lender or Lenders on the Disbursement Date specified in the Disbursement Request submitted by the Borrower. 

“Material Negative Impact” means a significant adverse effect that, in the opinion of the Majority of the Lenders, is possible on: 

“Significant Member of the Group” means any Debtor or any member of the Group whose EBITDA, assets and revenues, determined on the basis of such consolidated financial statements of the Group as of the last reporting date as prepared in accordance with IFRS and submitted to the Credit Agent under Clause (a) or (b) of Article 17.1 (Financial Statements), exceed 2.5 (two point five) percent of the Group’s similar consolidated indicators determined on the basis of the same financial statements. 

“Existing Business Contracts” means the following agreements on lease of the Headhunter office in Moscow between Headhunter as the lessee and Kalibr LLC as the lessor: 

“Group Structure Scheme” means the structure of the Group attached as Appendix 9 (Group Structure Scheme) or (if the Borrower provided the Credit Agent with a new scheme of the Group structure after the date of this Agreement) the structure of the Group submitted by the Borrower to the Credit Agent at the latest date. 

“Credit Agent’s Account” means the account whose details the Credit Agent reports to the Parties to the Financing. 

“Technical Failure” means: 

“Trademarks of the Debtors” means any trademarks registered by the Debtors and the Additional Guarantors and specified in Appendix 8 (Intellectual Property). 

“Tranche” means Tranche A, Tranche B, Tranche C, or Tranche D. 

“Tranche A” means a part of the Loan granted to the Borrower under the terms and conditions hereof in an amount of RUB 4,000,000,000 (four billion Rubles). 

“Tranche B” means a part of the Loan granted to the Borrower under the terms and conditions hereof in an amount of RUB 1,000,000,000 (one billion Rubles). 

“Tranche C” means a part of the Loan granted to the Borrower under the terms and conditions hereof in an amount of RUB 1,000,000,000 (one billion Rubles). 

“Tranche D” means a part of the Loan granted to the Borrower under the terms and conditions hereof in an amount of RUB 1,000,000,000 (one billion Rubles). 

“Financial Indebtedness” means any indebtedness resulting from: 

or any other obligation having the economic nature of borrowing in accordance with IFRS. In each case no double counting shall apply. 

“Financial Document” means: 

“Holding Company” means, in relation to a legal entity, any other legal entity for which the first legal entity is the Subsidiary. 

“Headhunter” means Headhunter Limited Liability Company incorporated under the laws of the Russian Federation, registered in the Unified State Register of Legal Entities of the Russian Federation under number (OGRN (Primary State Registration Number)): 1067761906805, located at: 9, Godovikova St., bld. 10, Moscow, the Russian Federation. 

“Cash Equivalent” has the meaning specified for this term in IFRS. 

“ELQ Investors” means ELQ Investors II Ltd, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales, registration number 06375035, registered at the address: Peterborough Court, 133 Fleet Street, London EC4A 2BB, United Kingdom. 

“ELQ Investors VIII” means ELQ Investors VIII Ltd, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales, registration number 9182214, registered at the address: Peterborough Court, 133 Fleet Street, London EC4A 2BB, United Kingdom. 

“HeadHunter FSU” means HeadHunter FSU Limited, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Cyprus, registration number HE 178226, registered at the address: 42 Dositheou, Strovolos 2028, Nicosia, Cyprus. 

“Highworld” means Highworld Investments Limited, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the British Virgin Islands, registration number 1802016, registered at the address: Trident Chambers, P.O. Box 146, Road Town, Tortola, BVI). 

“Zemenik Trading” means Zemenik Trading Limited, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Cyprus, registration number HE 332806, registered at the address: 42 Dositheou, Strovolos 2028, Nicosia, Cyprus. 

Any reference to a Sub-Clause, Clause, Article or Appendix in the above terms of the Loan Agreement shall be interpreted as a reference to the said Sub-Clause, Clause, Article of the Loan Agreement or the Appendix thereto, unless otherwise expressly stated in the text of the Loan Agreement. 

SIGNATURES OF THE PARTIES 

Guarantor 

LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 

ZEMENIK TRADING LIMITED 

Borrower 

ZEMENIK LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 

Seal: 

[INN (Taxpayer Identification Number) 7714373561 

LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 

OGRN (Primary State Registration Number) 1167746153860 

MOSCOW 

Zemenik] 

Original Lender 

BANK VTB (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY) 

EXECUTION COPY 

THIS AMENDMENT No. 1 to the Independent Guarantee dated June 1, 2016, (the “Amendment”) were made on October 5, 2017, by 

TO THE INDEPENDENT GUARANTEE GRANTED BY THE GUARANTOR: 

PREAMBLE 

IN VIEW OF THE FOREGOING, taking into account the provisions of Article 371 of the Civil Code, the Guarantor hereby makes the following amendments to the Guarantee: 

In this Amendment: 

“Revised Guarantee” means the Guarantee as amended by this Amendment in the form of Appendix 1 (Revised Guarantee). 

“Amendment Agreement No. 3” has the meaning specified in Clause (A) of the Preamble. 

“Party” means the Guarantor or the Original Lender (or the Credit Agent after accession of rights (claims) under the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement and this Guarantee under Article 5.2 (Transfer of Rights by the Lenders) of the Guarantee). 

Unless the context requires otherwise, any capitalized terms used in the Loan Agreement which are not defined herein have the same meaning as in the Loan Agreement as they are specified in Appendix 1 (Terms of the Loan Agreement) of the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement. 

This Amendment is a Financial Document. 

The Guarantor confirms that, since the date of this Amendment, the Guarantee shall be read in the wording of Appendix 1 (Revised Guarantee) and the rights and obligations of the Parties under the Guarantee from the date of this Amendment shall be regulated and construed under the terms and conditions of the Revised Guarantee. 

This Amendment, as well as the rights and obligations of the Parties arising out of this Amendment, shall be governed and construed by the laws of the Russian Federation. 

This Amendment shall be signed in four original counterparts of equal legal effect, all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

This Amendment has been executed on the date specified in the beginning of this document. 

APPENDIX 1 

REVISED GUARANTEE 

INDEPENDENT GUARANTEE (the “Guarantee”) 

Date of issue of this Guarantee: June 1, 2016 

(as amended by the Amendment No. 1 dated October 5, 2017) 

THIS GUARANTEE IS ISSUED BY: 

ZEMENIK TRADING LIMITED incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Cyprus, registration number HE 332806, located at: 42 Dositheou, Strovolos 2028, Nicosia, Cyprus, represented by Aleksandr Arbuzov, acting under the Articles of Association, as the guarantor under this Guarantee and the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement (the “Guarantor”); 

BANK VTB (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY) incorporated under the laws of the Russian Federation, registered in the Unified State Register of Legal Entities (EGRUL) under number (Primary State Registration Number (OGRN)): 1027739609391, located at: 29, Bolshaya Morskaya St., Saint Petersburg, the Russian Federation, 190000, represented by Vitaly Nikolaevich Buzoverya, acting under Power of Attorney 350000/25  ”, certified on January 14, 2016, under register number 2-25, as the beneficiary under this Guarantee and the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement (the “Original Lender” or the “Credit Agent”) 

PREAMBLE 

IN VIEW OF THE FOREGOING, the Guarantor hereby confirms the following: 

All capitalized terms in this Guarantee have the meanings specified in the Loan Agreement in Appendix 1 (Terms of the Loan Agreement) of the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement unless the Guarantee or the context requires otherwise, while: 

“Issue Date” means such date of issue of the Guarantee as specified in the beginning of this Guarantee. 

“Borrower” means Zemenik Limited Liability Company, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Russian Federation, registered in the Unified State Register of Legal Entities of the Russian Federation under number (OGRN (Primary State Registration Number)): 1167746153860, located at: 4 Akademika Ilyushina St., bld. 1, office 54, Moscow, the Russian Federation, 125319. 

“Key Rate” means a key rate established by the Central Bank of the Russian Federation determined based on the data on the website of the Central Bank of the Russian Federation on the Internet at www.cbr.ru or, if changed, on any other official website of the Central Bank of the Russian Federation. If the Central Bank of the Russian Federation abolishes or ceases to use a key rate and if it is needed to determine pricing conditions for provision of financing to credit institutions of the Russian Federation, the Key Rate shall be a similar rate established by the Central Bank of the Russian Federation for pricing of refinancing through repo transactions and (or) against non-market assets. 

“Lender” means 

“Loan Agreement” means a syndicated loan agreement concluded on May 16, 2016, between the Original Lender as the credit agent, organizer and original lender and the Borrower as the Borrower in an aggregate amount not exceeding RUB 7,000,000,000 (seven billion Rubles) as amended by Amendment Agreement No. 1 dated December 14, 2016, Amendment Agreement No. 2 dated June 28, 2017, and Amendment Agreement No. 3. 

“Secured Obligations” means all current and future pecuniary obligations of the Borrower to the Lenders under the Loan Agreement (taking into account all amendments to the Loan Agreement and all provided preliminary consents and waivers of the Lenders under the Loan Agreement), including the Borrower’s obligations relating to: 

such consideration being accrued for the Disbursement Period of Tranche A and the Disbursement Period of Tranche B, respectively, and paid as follows: 

A fee for the obligation of granting of the Loan shall not apply to the Unused Loan Limit in terms of Tranche B and Tranche D. 

prior to the Disbursement Date of a respective Tranche; 

“Business Day” means any day on which banks are open for normal banking operations in Moscow and Nicosia. 

“Ruble” means a legal tender of the Russian Federation. 

“Amendment Agreement No. 3” means Amendment Agreement No. 3 to the Loan Agreement dated October 5, 2017. 

“Party” means the Guarantor or the Original Lender (or the Credit Agent after accession of rights (claims) under the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement and this Guarantee under Article 5.2 (Transfer of Rights by the Lenders)). 

“Guarantee Amount” means an amount of RUB 10,300,000,000 (ten billion three hundred million Rubles). 

“Payment Claim” means a written notice which is sent by the Credit Agent to the Guarantor and contains: (i) an indication of a particular violation of the Secured Obligations entailing payment under this Guarantee; (ii) a claim for the Guarantor to make payments provided for by this Guarantee within such amount and period as specified in such notice, as well as details of the bank account to which the Guarantor shall make payment. 

The Guarantor shall, at the request of the Borrower, issue this Guarantee and hereby undertakes to pay such amount within the Guarantee Amount as specified in the Payment Claim to the Original Lender if the Borrower fails to fulfill the Secured Obligations (or to pay such amount to the Credit Agent for distribution among the Lenders after assignment of rights (claims) under the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement and this Guarantee in accordance with Article 5.2 (Transfer of Rights by the Lenders)), regardless of the validity of the Loan Agreement, the Secured Obligations, as well as relations between the Guarantor and the Borrower, and other obligations. 

If the Secured Obligations are not fulfilled, as specified in Article 2 (Independent Guarantee) of this Guarantee, the Original Lender (or the Credit Agent acting on behalf of the Lenders after assignment under this Guarantee in accordance with Article 5.2 (Transfer of Rights by the Lenders)) shall send the Guarantor a Payment Claim and a copy of the notice of the Original Lender or the Credit Agent, respectively, sent to the Borrower under Clause (b) of Article 21.18 (Acceleration) of the Loan Agreement. The Guarantor shall make a payment against the Payment Claim within a period not exceeding five Business Days from the date when the Guarantor receives such Payment Claim under the terms and conditions of this Guarantee and the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement. 

This Guarantee is issued for a period from the Issue Date through a date that occurs after 96 months from the date of Amendment Agreement No. 3 (the “Expiration Date”). For the avoidance of doubt, the Payment Claim under this Guarantee shall be satisfied if it is sent by the Beneficiary prior to the Expiration Date (inclusive). 

The Guarantor may not assign its rights or transfer the debt under this Guarantee or otherwise dispose of any of its rights and (or) obligations under this Guarantee without the written consent of all Lenders. 

If the Borrower assigns or transfers its debt (in whole or in part) under the Loan Agreement to another person under the terms and conditions provided for in the Loan Agreement or transfers the Borrower’s obligations under the Loan Agreement to another person through a universal succession, the Guarantor hereby expresses its consent to such assignment or transfer of the debt and agrees to be jointly liable with the new borrower in the amount of the Secured Obligations. 

The Guarantor hereby expresses its consent to be jointly liable with the Borrower, irrespective of whether the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement will be amended in any way, including any amendments leading to an increase in the volume of the Secured Obligations or other adverse consequences for the Guarantor. No additional written consent of the Guarantor is required for such amendment. 

This Guarantee shall be regulated and construed under the Russian law. 

This Guarantee shall be signed in four original counterparts of equal legal effect, all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

APPENDIX 1 

ADDRESSES AND DETAILS 

SIGNATURES 

Guarantor 

LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 

ZEMENIK TRADING LIMITED 

In accordance with Article 371 of the Civil Code, the consent to the Amendment to the Guarantee is granted by: 

BANK VTB (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY) 

The following signatory agrees with the terms and conditions of the Amendment: 

ZEMENIK LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 

Seal: 

[INN (Taxpayer Identification Number) 7714373561 

LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 

Zemenik 

OGRN (Primary State Registration Number 1167746153860 * MOSCOW] 

EXECUTION VERSION 

DEED OF PLEDGE 

DATED 19 May 2016 

BETWEEN 

LLC ZEMENIK 

and 

JSC VTB BANK 

ALEXANDRO§ ECONOMOU LLC 

CONTENTS 

THIS DEED is dated 19 May 2016 between: 

BACKGROUND: 

IT IS AGREED as follows: 

In this Deed: 

“Companies Law” means Cyprus Companies Law, Cap. 113. 

Company means HEADHUNTER FSU LIMITED, a company incorporated in Cyprus with registration number HE 178226, whose registered office is at 42 Dositheou, Strovolos 2028, Nicosia, Cyprus. 

“Event of Default” means any of the events or circumstances specified as such in clause 19 of the Facility Agreement. 

“Facility Agreement” means the facility agreement dated on or about the date of this Deed between the Pledgor as Borrower and the Pledgee as Agent and Original Lender (as the same may be amended, supplemented or novated from time to time). 

“Finance Documents” means the Facility Agreement and any other “Finance Document”  defined as such in the Facility Agreement. 

“Independent Appraiser” means any of Delloite CIS Holdings Limited, PricewaterhouseCoopers and Ernst & Young Global Limited, or any of their affiliates, to be appointed by the Pledgee. 

“Party” means a party to this Deed. 

“Receiver” means a receiver or a receiver and manager, in each case, appointed under this Deed. 

“Related Rights” means, in relation to any Shares, all dividends and other distributions paid or payable after the date hereof on all or any of such Shares and all stocks, shares, securities (and the dividends or interest thereon), rights, money or property accruing or offered at any time by way of issue, redemption, bonus, preference, option rights or otherwise to or in respect of any of such Shares or in substitution or exchange for any such Shares. 

“Secured Liabilities” means all present and future debts, obligations and liabilities (whether actual or contingent, and whether owed as principal or surety, jointly or severally or in any other capacity whatsoever) of the Pledgor to the Pledgee under this Deed and of the Borrower to the Pledgee under the Facility Agreement, except for any obligation which, if it were so included, would result in this Deed contravening Section 53 of the Companies Law. 

“Security Assets” means the Shares, the Share Certificates and the Related Rights. 

“Security Document” means this Agreement, the Facility Agreement, any other Finance Document or any other document designated as such by the Pledgee and the Borrower in writing. 

“Security Interest” means any mortgage, pledge, lien, charge, assignment, hypothecation or security interest or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect. 

“Security Period” means the period beginning on the date of this Deed and ending on the date on which all the Secured Liabilities have been unconditionally and irrevocably discharged in full. 

“Share Certificates” means all the share certificates representing the Shares and any substitute share certificate or share certificates representing the Shares. 

“Shares” means 1,000 ordinary shares of 1.71 (one and seventy one) EUR each, held by the Pledgor in the Company (Security Assets), which in aggregate represent 100% of the issued shares in the Company, and any further shares in the capital of the Company now or at any time hereafter legally and/or beneficially owned by the Pledgor or in which the Pledgor has an interest. 

All the security created under this Deed: 

As collateral security for the due and punctual payment to the Pledgee of the Secured Liabilities and the performance and observance of and compliance with the other covenants, terms and conditions of the Security Document, the Pledgor: 

The Pledgor makes the representations and warranties set out in this Clause to the Pledgee: 

It has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary actions to authorise the entry into and performance of, this Deed and the transactions contemplated by this Deed. 

This Deed constitutes its legally valid, binding and enforceable obligation. 

The entry into and performance by it of, and the transactions contemplated by, this Deed, or the exercise by the Pledgee of its rights under this Deed, do not and will not conflict with: 

All authorisations required by it in connection with the entry into, performance, validity and enforceability of, and the transactions contemplated by, this Deed have been obtained or effected (as appropriate) and are in full force and effect. 

This Deed creates those Security Interests it purports to create and is not liable to be avoided or otherwise set aside on the liquidation of the Pledgor or otherwise. 

During the Security Period, the Pledgor must not: 

The Pledgor as security for its obligations under this Deed has concurrently with the execution of this Deed delivered or arranged or procured to be delivered to, and deposited with the Pledgee: 

The Pledgee must execute and deliver to the Company a notice of the pledge evidenced by this Deed in the form set out in Schedule 5 (Notice of Pledge), attaching a certified copy of this Deed and the Pledgor must procure: 

During the Security Period, the Pledgor must not take or allow the taking of any action on its behalf (except as permitted under the Facility Agreement) which may result: 

in each case, as the Pledgee may reasonably require and in form and substance satisfactory to it; and 

in respect of any Security Asset. 

This Security is a continuing security and will extend to the ultimate balance of the Secured Liabilities, regardless of any intermediate payment or discharge in whole or in part. 

The obligations of the Pledgor under this Deed will not be affected by, and the Pledgor irrevocably waives any defence it might have by virtue of, any act, omission or event which, but for this provision, would reduce, release or prejudice any of its obligations under this Deed (whether or not known to it or to the Pledgee). This includes: 

At any time during the Security Period, the Pledgee (or any trustee or agent on its behalf) may without affecting the liability of the Pledgor under this Deed: 

Unless: 

the Pledgor will not, after a claim has been made or by virtue of any payment or performance by it under this Deed: 

The Pledgor must hold in trust for and must promptly pay or transfer to the Pledgee (or as directed by the Pledgee) any payment or distribution or benefit of security received by it contrary to this Clause or in accordance with any directions given by the Pledgee under this Deed or any other Security Document. 

The Pledgor may not, without the prior consent of the Pledgee, hold any security from any other Obligor in respect of the Pledgor’s liability under this Deed. The Pledgor will hold any security held by it in breach of this provision on trust for the Pledgee. 

This Security will become immediately enforceable if an Event of Default occurs. 

After this Security has become enforceable, the Pledgee may in its absolute discretion enforce all or any part of this Security at the times, in the manner and on the terms it sees fit, and take possession of and hold or dispose of any Security Asset. 

Neither the Pledgee nor any Receiver will be liable for any loss arising by reason of taking any action permitted by this Deed or for any neglect, default or omission in connection with the Security Asset (save for wilful misconduct and gross negligence) or for taking possession of or realising all or any part of the Security Asset. 

Each Receiver and the Pledgee is entitled to all the rights, powers, privileges and immunities conferred by law (including the Companies Law) on pledgees, mortgagees, charges, encumbrancers and duly appointed receivers under any law (including the Companies Law). 

No person (including a purchaser) dealing with the Pledgee or a Receiver or its or his agents will be concerned to enquire: 

If this Security is enforced at a time when no amount is due under the Security Documents but at a time when amounts may or will become due, the Pledgee (or the Receiver) may pay the proceeds of any recoveries effected by it into a suspense account. 

The Pledgee may by writing under its hand (subject to any requirement for an order of the court in the case of an administrative receiver) remove any Receiver appointed by it and may, whenever it thinks fit, appoint a new Receiver in the place of any Receiver whose appointment may for any reason have terminated. 

The Pledgee may fix the remuneration of any Receiver appointed by it and any maximum rate imposed by any law will not apply. 

A Receiver will be deemed to be the agent of the Pledgor for all purposes and accordingly will be deemed to be in the same position as a Receiver. The Pledgor is solely responsible for the contracts, engagements, acts, omissions, defaults and losses of a Receiver and for liabilities incurred by a Receiver. 

To the fullest extent allowed by law, any right, power or discretion conferred by this Deed (either expressly or impliedly) or by law on a Receiver may after this Security becomes enforceable be exercised by the Pledgee in relation to any Security Asset without first appointing a Receiver or notwithstanding the appointment of a Receiver. 

A Receiver may take immediate possession of, get in and collect any Security Asset. 

A Receiver may carry on any business of the Pledgor in relation to the Secured Assets in any manner it thinks fit. 

A Receiver may raise and borrow money either unsecured or on the security of any Security Asset either in priority to this Security or otherwise and generally on any terms and for whatever purpose which he thinks fit. 

A Receiver may let any Security Asset for any term and at any rent (with or without a premium) which it thinks fit and may accept a surrender of any lease or tenancy of any Security Asset on any terms which he thinks fit (including the payment of money to a lessee or tenant on a surrender). 

A Receiver may settle, adjust, refer to arbitration, compromise and arrange any claim, account, dispute, question or demand with or by any person who is or claims to be a creditor of the Pledgor or relating in any way to any Security Asset. 

A Receiver may bring, prosecute, enforce, defend and abandon any action, suit or proceedings in relation to any Security Asset which it thinks fit. 

A Receiver may give a valid receipt for any moneys and execute any assurance or thing which may be proper or desirable for realising any Security Asset. 

A Receiver may delegate his powers in accordance with this Deed. 

A Receiver may lend money or advance credit to any customer of the Pledgor. 

A Receiver may: 

in each case as he thinks fit. 

A Receiver may: 

Unless otherwise determined by the Pledgee or a Receiver, any moneys received by the Pledgee or that Receiver after this Security has become enforceable must be applied in accordance with the Facility Agreement: 

This Clause is subject to the payment of any claims having priority over this Security. Subject to Clause 16.3, this Clause does not prejudice the right of the Pledgee to recover any shortfall from the Pledgor. 

The Pledgor must procure that the Borrower or any other member of the Group: 

The Pledgee or any Receiver may delegate by power of attorney or in any other manner to any person any right, power or discretion exercisable by it under this Deed. 

Any such delegation may be made upon any terms (including power to sub-delegate) which the Pledgee or any Receiver may think fit. 

Neither the Pledgee nor any Receiver will be in any way liable or responsible to the Pledgor for any loss or liability arising from any act, default, omission or misconduct on the part of any delegate or sub-delegate. 

The Pledgor must, at its own expense, take whatever action the Pledgee or a Receiver may require for: 

This includes: 

which, in any such case, the Pledgee may think necessary, desirable, or expedient. 

Subject to Clause 16.3 below, the Pledgor covenants with the Pledgee that whenever the Borrower does not pay the Secured Liabilities or any amount thereof when the same falls due for payment, performance or discharge in accordance with the terms of the Facility Agreement, it shall on demand by the Pledgee pay, perform and discharge the Secured Liabilities. 

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Deed and any other Security Document, it is expressly agreed and understood that: 

If on enforcement over the Security Assets, the net proceeds are insufficient to discharge the liabilities and obligations that the Pledgor has towards the Pledgee under this Deed, then the Pledgor shall be under no further obligations under this Deed. 

At the end of the Security Period , the Pledgee shall promptly, at the request and cost of the Pledgor: 

The Pledgor may not assign or transfer any of its rights or obligations under this Deed. 

The Pledgee may assign or otherwise dispose of all or any of its rights under this Deed to any person to whom it assigns or transfers its rights and obligations under the Facility Agreement, in accordance with the terms of the Security Documents to which it is a party and may disclose any information in its possession relating to the Pledgor to any actual or prospective assignee, transferee or participant. 

This Deed shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by and against the Parties and their respective heirs, executors, legal representatives, successors, assigns and permitted transferees. 

Accounts maintained by the Pledgee in connection with this Deed are, in the absence of a manifest error, prima facie evidence of the matters to which they relate for the purpose of any litigation or arbitration proceedings. 

Any certification or determination by the Pledgee of a rate or amount under the Security Documents will be, in the absence of manifest error, conclusive evidence of the matters to which it relates. 

Address: 54, Akademika Iljushina Street 4, block 1, Moscow, Russian Federation 

Email: Karen.agayan@arpartners.ru 

Fax: +7 (495) 974-64-27 

Attention: Karen Agayan 

Address: Ul. Bolshaya Morskaya, 29, St. Petersburg 190000, Russia 

Email: loanadmin@msk.vtb.ru, TM21@msk.vtb.ru 

Fax: +7 (495) 775-54-54 

Attention: Loan administration 

Any notice given in connection with this Deed must be in English. 

If a term of this Deed is or becomes illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect under any jurisdiction, that will not affect: 

The rights of the Pledgee under this Deed: 

Delay in exercising or non-exercise of any right is not a waiver of that right. 

This Deed may be executed in any number of counterparts. This has the same effect as if the signatures on the counterparts were on a single copy of this Deed. 

This Deed is governed by Cyprus law. 

The Pledgor irrevocably and unconditionally: 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF this Deed has been executed and delivered on the date stated at the beginning of this Deed. 

SCHEDULE 1 

INSTRUMENT OF TRANSFER 

We, the Transferor, in consideration of the sum of €1.71 (one Euro) and other good and valuable consideration paid to us by the Transferee (the sufficiency of which we hereby acknowledge), do hereby transfer to the Transferee the Shares in the Company, so that the Transferee, its executors, administrators, successor and assigns, can hold the same subject to the terms and conditions on which we held the Shares at the time of execution of this Instrument. 

In witness whereof we have caused this Instrument to be executed on [DATE] 

AND we, the Transferee, do hereby agree to accept and take the Shares subject to the terms and conditions aforesaid and have caused this Instrument to be executed on [DATE] 

SCHEDULE 2 

IRREVOCABLE PROXY AND POWER OF ATTORNEY 

This Power of Attorney is made by way of Deed on [DATE] by [PLEDGOR], [DETAILS] (the “Pledgor”). 

We the Pledgor hereby make, constitute and appoint JSC VTB BANK (the “Pledgee”), acting by any of its directors or officers from time to time, to be our true and lawful proxy and attorney (the “Attorney”) with full power and authority, and in our name and place or in the name of the Attorney, and on our behalf: 

The Attorney may delegate one or more of the powers conferred on the Attorney by this power of attorney to a nominee or nominees appointed for that purpose by the board of directors of the relevant Attorney, by resolution or otherwise. 

The Attorney may appoint one or more persons to act as substitute attorney(s) for the Pledgor and to exercise one or more of the powers conferred on the Attorney by this power of attorney other than the power to appoint a substitute attorney and revoke any such appointment. 

This power of attorney is given by way of security pursuant to the Deed of Pledge and shall be irrevocable until all the debts, obligations and liabilities secured by the Deed of Pledge have been unconditionally and irrevocably paid and discharged in full. 

The Pledgor: 

This power of attorney (and any dispute, controversy, proceedings or claim of whatever nature arising out of or in any way relating to this power of attorney, its formation or any act performed or claimed to be performed under it) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Cyprus law. 

This document has been executed as a deed and is delivered and takes effect on the date stated at the beginning of it. 

SCHEDULE 3 

LETTER OF RESIGNATION 

Date: 

Dear Sirs, 

[We]/[I], [NAME] hereby resign from [our]/[my] position as a [Director] [Secretary] of the Company with effect from the date of this letter. 

[We]/[I] hereby confirm that [we]/[I] have no claim whatsoever against the Company, other than any fees owed to [us/][me] or remaining outstanding in respect of serving the Company in [our]/[my] capacity as Director/Secretary up to and including the date of [our]/[my] resignation. 

This letter is governed by Cyprus law. 

SCHEDULE 4 

LETTER OF AUTHORITY AND UNDERTAKING 

Date: [DATE] 

Dear Sirs, 

HEADHUNTER FSU LIMITED (the “Company”) 

We, the undersigned, holding the offices in the Company set out under our names refer to the facility agreement dated [DATE] (as amended, supplemented or novated from time to time, the “Facility Agreement”) and a deed of pledge dated [DATE] in respect of [ ? ] shares in the Company (the “Deed of Pledge”) executed by [ ? ] (the “Pledgor”) in favour of the Pledgee as security for the Secured Liabilities (as defined in the Deed of Pledge). 

For good and valuable consideration provided by the Pledgee (the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged): 

Terms defined in the Deed of Pledge have the same meaning in this letter. 

This letter is governed by Cyprus law. 

Yours faithfully, 

SCHEDULE 5 

NOTICE OF PLEDGE 

Date: [DATE] 

Dear Sirs, 

Deed of Pledge dated [DATE] between 

[ ? ] and JSC VTB BANK (the “Deed of Pledge”) 

This letter constitutes notice to you that under the Deed of Pledge, [ ? ] (the “Pledgor”) have, inter alia, pledged in our favour the share certificates representing [ ? ] ordinary shares of €1.71 each in the share capital of the Company (the “Shares”. 

We attach to this notice a certified copy of the Deed of Pledge duly signed by the Pledgor and us, in the presence of two competent witnesses who subscribed with their names as witnesses. 

In accordance with Section 138(2)(b) of the Contract Law, Cap. 149, you are instructed to: 

You are instructed to disclose to us any information relation to the Shares requested by us from time to time and to comply with the terms of any written notice or instruction relating to the Shares which you may receive from us. 

This letter is governed by Cyprus law. 

SCHEDULE 6 

SECRETARY’S CERTIFICATE 

Date: [DATE] 

Dear Sirs, 

Deed of Pledge dated [DATE] between 

[ ? ]and JSC VTB BANK (the “Deed of Pledge) 

We acknowledge receipt of the notice dated [DATE] notifying us that the [PLEDGOR] have, inter alia, under the Deed of Pledge pledged the share certificates representing [ ? ] ordinary shares of €1.71 each (the “Shares”) in HEADHUNTER FSU LIMITED (the “Company”), together with the certified copy of the Deed of Pledge. 

We hereby agree to comply with the notice and confirm, certify and acknowledge that we: 

This certificate is governed by Cyprus law. 

SCHEDULE 

[NUMBER][CLASS] shares of [CURRENCY][NOMINAL VALUE] (with distinctive numbers [ ? ] to [ ? ]) inclusive) registered in the name of [PLEDGOR] have been pledged in favour of [PLEDGEE] under a Deed of Pledge dated [DATE] between [PLEDGOR] and [PLEDGEE] 

SCHEDULE 7 

BOARD RESOLUTION 

HEADHUNTER FSU LIMITED 

(the “Company”) 

Written Resolution of the Board of Directors of the Company 

passed in accordance he Company’s Articles of Association 

[ ? ] (the Pledgor) has entered or propose to enter into a deed of pledge (the “Deed of Pledge”) dated on or about the date of this resolution between the Pledgor and JSC VTB BANK (the “Pledgee”), pursuant to which the Pledgor shall, inter alia, pledge in favour of the Pledgee the share certificates issued in its name and representing [ ? ] ordinary shares in the Company (the Shares”). 

IT IS HEREBY RESOLVED as follows: 

SCHEDULE 8 

SIGNATORIES 

DATED 5 OCTOBER 2017 

DEED OF CONFIRMATION 

between 

(1) LLC ZEMENIK 

and 

(2) VTB BANK (PJSC) 

relating to the Deed of Pledge over shares in HeadHunter FSU Limited 

dated 19 May 2016 

ALEXANDRO§ ECONOMOU LLC 

CONTENTS 

THIS DEED is dated 5 October 2017 between: 

BACKGROUND: 

IT IS AGREED as follows: 

In this Deed: 

“Company” means HEADHUNTER FSU LIMITED, a company incorporated in Cyprus with registration number HE 178226, whose registered office is at 42 Dositheou, Strovolos 2028 Nicosia, Cyprus. 

“Deed of Pledge” means the deed of pledge dated 19 May 2016, between the Pledgor and the Pledgee, pursuant to which the Pledgor pledged, inter alia, 1,000 (one thousand) issued ordinary shares of €1,71 each in the Company. 

The Pledgor will, at the request of the Pledgee, take whatever action is necessary or reasonably desirable to give effect to clause 2 of this Deed. 

This Deed may be executed in any number of counterparts. This has the same effect as if the signatures on the counterparts were on a single copy of this Deed. 

This Deed is governed by Cyprus law. 

The Pledgor irrevocably and unconditionally: 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF this Deed has been executed and delivered on the date stated at the beginning of this Deed. 

EXECUTION VERSION 

DATED 29 DECEMBER 2017 

DEED OF CONFIRMATION 

between 

(1) LLC ZEMENIK 

and 

(2) VTB BANK (PJSC) 

relating to the Deed of Pledge over shares in HeadHunter FSU Limited 

dated 19 May 2016 

ALEXANDRO§ ECONOMOU 

LLC 

CONTENTS 

2 

THIS DEED is dated 29 December 2017 between: 

BACKGROUND: 

IT IS AGREED as follows: 

In this Deed: 

“Company” means HEADHUNTER FSU LIMITED, a company incorporated in Cyprus with registration number HE 178226, whose registered office is at 42 Dositheou, Strovolos 2028 Nicosia, Cyprus. 

“Deed of Pledge” means the deed of pledge dated 19 May 2016, between the Pledgor and the Pledgee, pursuant to which the Pledgor pledged, inter alia, 1,000 (one thousand) issued ordinary shares of €1.71 each in the Company. 

3 

The Pledgor will, at the request of the Pledgee, take whatever action is necessary or reasonably desirable to give effect to clause 2 of this Deed. 

This Deed may be executed in any number of counterparts. This has the same effect as if the signatures on the counterparts were on a single copy of this Deed. 

This Deed is governed by Cyprus law. 

The Pledgor irrevocably and unconditionally: 

4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF this Deed has been executed and delivered on the date stated at the beginning of this Deed. 

5 

SIGNATORIES 

Pledgor 

6 

SIGNATORIES 

Pledgor 

6 

DEED OF PLEDGE 

DATED 27 December 2016 

BETWEEN 

ELQ INVESTORS VIII LTD 

and 

VTB BANK (PJSC) 

ALEXANDRO§ ECONOMOU 

LLC 

CONTENTS 

THIS DEED is dated 27 December 2016 between: 

BACKGROUND: 

IT IS AGREED as follows: 

In this Deed: 

“Companies Law” means Cyprus Companies Law, Cap. 113. 

“Company” means ZEMENIK TRADING LIMITED, a company incorporated in Cyprus with registration number HE 332806, whose registered office is at 42 Dositheou, Strovolos 2028, Nicosia, Cyprus. 

“Event of Default” means any of the events or circumstances specified as such in clause 19 of the Facility Agreement. 

“Facility Agreement” means the facility agreement dated on or about the date of this Deed between LLC Zemenik as Borrower and the Pledgee as Agent and Original Lender (as the same may be amended, supplemented or novated from time to time). 

“Finance Documents” means the Facility Agreement and any other “Finance Document” (“[GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]”) defined as such in the Facility Agreement. 

“Independent Appraiser” means any of Delloite CIS Holdings Limited, PricewaterhouseCoopers and Ernst & Young Global Limited, or any of their affiliates, to be appointed by the Pledgee. 

“LLC ZEMENIK” means LLC Zemenik, a company incorporated in the Russian Federation with registration number 1167746153860, whose registered address is at office 54, Akademika Iljushina Street 4, block 1, Moscow, Russian Federation. 

“Party” means a party to this Deed. 

“Related Rights” means, in relation to any Shares, all dividends and other distributions paid or payable after the date hereof on all or any of such Shares and all stocks, shares, securities (and the dividends or interest thereon), rights, money or property accruing or offered at any time by way of issue, redemption, bonus, preference, option rights or otherwise to or in respect of any of such Shares or in substitution or exchange for any such Shares. 

“Secured Liabilities” means all present and future debts, obligations and liabilities (whether actual or contingent, and whether owed as principal or surety, jointly or severally or in any other capacity whatsoever) of the Pledgor to the Pledgee under this Deed and of the Borrower to the Pledgee under the Facility Agreement, except for any obligation which, if it were so included, would result in this Deed contravening Section 53 of the Companies Law. 

“Security Assets” means the Shares, the Share Certificates and the Related Rights. 

“Security Document” means this Agreement, the Facility Agreement, any other Finance Document or any other document designated as such by the Pledgee and the Borrower in writing. 

“Security Interest” means any mortgage, pledge, lien, charge, assignment, hypothecation or security interest or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect. 

“Security Period” means the period beginning on the date of this Deed and ending on the date on which all the Secured Liabilities have been unconditionally and irrevocably discharged in full. 

“Share Certificates” means all the share certificates representing the Shares and any substitute share certificate or share certificates representing the Shares. 

“Shares” means 40,000 ordinary shares of 1.00 (one) EUR each, held by the Pledgor in the Company (Security Assets), which in aggregate represent 40% of the issued shares in the Company, and any further shares in the capital of the Company now or at any time hereafter legally and/or beneficially owned by the Pledgor or in which the Pledgor has an interest. 

All the security created under this Deed: 

As collateral security for the due and punctual payment to the Pledgee of the Secured Liabilities and the performance and observance of and compliance with the other covenants, terms and conditions of the Security Document, the Pledgor: 

The Pledgor makes the representations and warranties set out in this Clause to the Pledgee. 

It has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary actions to authorise the entry into and performance of, this Deed and the transactions contemplated by this Deed. 

This Deed constitutes its legally valid, binding and enforceable obligation. 

The entry into and performance by it of, and the transactions contemplated by, this Deed, or the exercise by the Pledgee of its rights under this Deed, do not and will not conflict with: 

All authorisations required by it in connection with the entry into, performance, validity and enforceability of, and the transactions contemplated by, this Deed have been obtained or effected (as appropriate) and are in full force and effect. 

This Deed creates those Security Interests it purports to create and is not liable to be avoided or otherwise set aside on the liquidation of the Pledgor or otherwise. 

that the Pledgee should be licensed, qualified or otherwise entitled to carry on business in the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Pledgor or the Company. 

are legal, valid and binding under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation; and 

During the Security Period, the Pledgor must not: 

The Pledgor as security for its obligations under this Deed has concurrently with the execution of this Deed delivered or arranged or procured to be delivered to, and deposited with the Pledgee: 

The Pledgee must execute and deliver to the Company a notice of the pledge evidenced by this Deed in the form set out in Schedule 5 (Notice of Pledge), attaching a certified copy of this Deed and the Pledgor must procure: 

During the Security Period, the Pledgor must not take or allow the taking of any action on its behalf (except as permitted under the Facility Agreement) which may result: 

in each case, as the Pledgee may reasonably require and in form and substance satisfactory to it; and 

in respect of any Security Asset. 

This Security is a continuing security and will extend to the ultimate balance of the Secured Liabilities, regardless of any intermediate payment or discharge in whole or in part. 

The obligations of the Pledgor under this Deed will not be affected by, and the Pledgor irrevocably waives any defence it might have by virtue of, any act, omission or event which, but for this provision, would reduce, release or prejudice any of its obligations under this Deed (whether or not known to it or to the Pledgee). This includes: 

At any time during the Security Period, the Pledgee (or any trustee or agent on its behalf) may without affecting the liability of the Pledgor under this Deed: 

Unless: 

the Pledgor will not, after a claim has been made or by virtue of any payment or performance by it under this Deed: 

The Pledgor must hold in trust for and must promptly pay or transfer to the Pledgee (or as directed by the Pledgee) any payment or distribution or benefit of security received by it contrary to this Clause or in accordance with any directions given by the Pledgee under this Deed or any other Security Document. 

The Pledgor may not, without the prior consent of the Pledgee, hold any security from any other Obligor in respect of the Pledgor’s liability under this Deed. The Pledgor will hold any security held by it in breach of this provision on trust for the Pledgee. 

This Security will become immediately enforceable if an Event of Default occurs. 

After this Security has become enforceable, the Pledgee may in its absolute discretion enforce all or any part of this Security at the times, in the manner and on the terms it sees fit, and take possession of and hold or dispose of any Security Asset. 

The Pledgee will not be liable for any loss arising by reason of taking any action permitted by this Deed or for any neglect, default or omission in connection with the Security Asset (save for wilful misconduct and gross negligence) or for taking possession of or realising all or any part of the Security Asset. 

The Pledgee is entitled to all the rights, powers, privileges and immunities conferred by law (including the Companies Law) on pledgees, mortgagees, charges, encumbrancers and duly appointed receivers under any law (including the Companies Law). 

No person (including a purchaser) dealing with the Pledgee or its or his agents will be concerned to enquire: 

If this Security is enforced at a time when no amount is due under the Security Documents but at a time when amounts may or will become due, the Pledgee may pay the proceeds of any recoveries effected by it into a suspense account. 

Unless otherwise determined by the Pledgee, any moneys received by the Pledgee after this Security has become enforceable must be applied in accordance with the Facility Agreement: 

This Clause is subject to the payment of any claims having priority over this Security. Subject to Clause 14.3, this Clause does not prejudice the right of the Pledgee to recover any shortfall from the Pledgor. 

The Pledgor must procure that the Borrower or any other member of the Group: 

The Pledgee may delegate by power of attorney or in any other manner to any person any right, power or discretion exercisable by it under this Deed. 

Any such delegation may be made upon any terms (including power to sub-delegate) which the Pledgee may think fit. 

The Pledgee will not be in any way liable or responsible to the Pledgor for any loss or liability arising from any act, default, omission or misconduct on the part of any delegate or sub-delegate. 

The Pledgor must, at its own expense, take whatever action the Pledgee may require for: 

This includes: 

which, in any such case, the Pledgee may think necessary, desirable, or expedient. 

Subject to Clause 14.3 below, the Pledgor covenants with the Pledgee that whenever the Borrower does not pay the Secured Liabilities or any amount thereof when the same falls due for payment, performance or discharge in accordance with the terms of the Facility Agreement, it shall on demand by the Pledgee pay, perform and discharge the Secured Liabilities. 

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Deed and any other Security Document, it is expressly agreed and understood that: 

If on enforcement over the Security Assets, the net proceeds are insufficient to discharge the liabilities and obligations that the Pledgor has towards the Pledgee under this Deed, then the Pledgor shall be under no further obligations under this Deed. 

At the end of the Security Period, the Pledgee shall promptly, at the request and cost of the Pledgor: 

The Pledgor may not assign or transfer any of its rights or obligations under this Deed. 

The Pledgee may assign or otherwise dispose of all or any of its rights under this Deed to any person to whom it assigns or transfers its rights and obligations under the Facility Agreement, in accordance with the terms of the Security Documents to which it is a party and may disclose any information in its possession relating to the Pledgor to any actual or prospective assignee, transferee or participant. 

This Deed shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by and against the Parties and their respective heirs, executors, legal representatives, successors, assigns and permitted transferees. 

Accounts maintained by the Pledgee in connection with this Deed are, in the absence of a manifest error, prima facie evidence of the matters to which they relate for the purpose of any litigation or arbitration proceedings. 

Any certification or determination by the Pledgee of a rate or amount under the Security Documents will be, in the absence of manifest error, conclusive evidence of the matters to which it relates. 

Address: c/o Goldman Sachs International, Peterborough Court, 133 Fleet Street, London EC4A 2BB 

Email: greg.olafson@gs.com 

Fax: +44 20 7522 7070 

Attention: Greg Olafson 

With a copy to: 

Address: c/o OOO Goldman Sachs, 14th Floor, Ducat III, 6 Gasheka Street, Moscow 125047, Russian Federation 

Fax: +7 495 645 4186 

Email: Oleg.Bibergan@gs.com 

Attention: Oleg Bibergan 

Address: Ul. Bolshaya Morskaya, 29, St. Petersburg 190000, Russia 

Email: loanadmin@msk.vtb.ru, TM21@msk.vtb.ru 

Fax: +7 (495) 775-54-54 

Attention: Loan administration 

Any notice given in connection with this Deed must be in English. 

If a term of this Deed is or becomes illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect under any jurisdiction, that will not affect: 

The rights of the Pledgee under this Deed: 

Delay in exercising or non-exercise of any right is not a waiver of that right. 

This Deed may be executed in any number of counterparts. This has the same effect as if the signatures on the counterparts were on a single copy of this Deed. 

This Deed is governed by Cyprus law. 

The Pledgor irrevocably and unconditionally: 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF this Deed has been executed and delivered on the date stated at the beginning of this Deed. 

SCHEDULE 1 

INSTRUMENT OF TRANSFER 

We, the Transferor, in consideration of the sum of €1 (one Euro) and other good and valuable consideration paid to us by the Transferee (the sufficiency of which we hereby acknowledge), do hereby transfer to the Transferee the Shares in the Company, so that the Transferee, its executors, administrators, successor and assigns, can hold the same subject to the terms and conditions on which we held the Shares at the time of execution of this Instrument. 

In witness whereof we have caused this Instrument to be executed on [DATE] 

AND we, the Transferee, do hereby agree to accept and take the Shares subject to the terms and conditions aforesaid and have caused this Instrument to be executed on [DATE] 

SCHEDULE 2 

IRREVOCABLE PROXY AND POWER OF ATTORNEY 

This Power of Attorney is made by way of Deed on [DATE] by [PLEDGOR], [DETAILS] (the “Pledgor”). 

We the Pledgor hereby make, constitute and appoint VTB BANK (PJSC) (the “Pledgee”), acting by any of its directors or officers from time to time, to be our true and lawful proxy and attorney (the “Attorney”) with full power and authority, and in our name and place or in the name of the Attorney, and on our behalf: 

The Attorney may delegate one or more of the powers conferred on the Attorney by this power of attorney to a nominee or nominees appointed for that purpose by the board of directors of the relevant Attorney, by resolution or otherwise. 

The Attorney may appoint one or more persons to act as substitute attorney(s) for the Pledgor and to exercise one or more of the powers conferred on the Attorney by this power of attorney other than the power to appoint a substitute attorney and revoke any such appointment. 

This power of attorney is given by way of security pursuant to the Deed of Pledge and shall be irrevocable until all the debts, obligations and liabilities secured by the Deed of Pledge have been unconditionally and irrevocably paid and discharged in full. 

The Pledgor: 

This power of attorney (and any dispute, controversy, proceedings or claim of whatever nature arising out of or in any way relating to this power of attorney, its formation or any act performed or claimed to be performed under it) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Cyprus law. 

This document has been executed as a deed and is delivered and takes effect on the date stated at the beginning of it. 

SCHEDULE 3 

LETTER OF RESIGNATION 

To:    ZEMENIK TRADING LIMITED (the “Company”) 

Date: 

Dear Sirs, 

[We]/[I], [NAME] hereby resign from [our]/[my] position as a [Director] [Secretary] of the Company with effect from the date of this letter. 

[We]/[I] hereby confirm that [we]/[I] have no claim whatsoever against the Company, other than any fees owed to [us]/[me] or remaining outstanding in respect of serving the Company in [our]/[my] capacity as Director/Secretary up to and including the date of [our]/[my] resignation. 

This letter is governed by Cyprus law. 

SCHEDULE 4 

LETTER OF AUTHORITY AND UNDERTAKING 

To:    VTB BANK (PJSC) (the “Pledgee”) 

Date:    [DATE] 

Dear Sirs, 

ZEMENIK TRADING (the “Company”) 

We, the undersigned, holding the offices in the Company set out under our names refer to the facility agreement dated [DATE] (as amended, supplemented or novated from time to time, the “Facility Agreement”) and a deed of pledge dated [DATE] in respect of [ ? ] shares in the Company (the “Deed of Pledge”) executed by [ ? ] (the “Pledgor”) in favour of the Pledgee as security for the Secured Liabilities (as defined in the Deed of Pledge). 

For good and valuable consideration provided by the Pledgee (the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged): 

Terms defined in the Deed of Pledge have the same meaning in this letter. 

This letter is governed by Cyprus law. 

Yours faithfully, 

SCHEDULE 5 

NOTICE OF PLEDGE 

To:    ZEMENIK TRADING LIMITED (the “Company”) 

Date:    [DATE] 

Dear Sirs, 

Deed of Pledge dated [DATE] between 

[ ? ] and VTB BANK (PJSC) (the “Deed of Pledge”) 

This letter constitutes notice to you that under the Deed of Pledge, [ ? ] (the “Pledgor”) have, inter alia, pledged in our favour the share certificates representing [ ? ] ordinary shares of €1.00 each in the share capital of the Company (the “Shares”). 

We attach to this notice a certified copy of the Deed of Pledge duly signed by the Pledgor and us, in the presence of two competent witnesses who subscribed with their names as witnesses. 

In accordance with Section 138(2)(b) of the Contract Law, Cap. 149, you are instructed to: 

You are instructed to disclose to us any information relation to the Shares requested by us from time to time and to comply with the terms of any written notice or instruction relating to the Shares which you may receive from us. 

This letter is governed by Cyprus law. 

SCHEDULE 6 

SECRETARY’S CERTIFICATE 

To:    VTB BANK (PJSC) 

Date:    [DATE] 

Dear Sirs, 

Deed of Pledge dated [DATE] between 

[ ? ] and VTB BANK (PJSC) (the “Deed of Pledge”) 

We acknowledge receipt of the notice dated [DATE] notifying us that the [PLEDGOR] have, inter alia, under the Deed of Pledge pledged the share certificates representing [ ? ] ordinary shares of €1.00 each (the “Shares”) in ZEMENIK TRADING LIMITED (the “Company”), together with the certified copy of the Deed of Pledge. 

We hereby agree to comply with the notice and confirm, certify and acknowledge that we: 

This certificate is governed by Cyprus law. 

SCHEDULE 

[NUMBER][CLASS] shares of [CURRENCY][NOMINAL VALUE] (with distinctive numbers [ ? ] to [ ? ]) inclusive) registered in the name of [PLEDGOR] have been pledged in favour of [PLEDGEE] under a Deed of Pledge dated [DATE] between [PLEDGOR] and [PLEDGEE] 

SCHEDULE 7 

BOARD RESOLUTION 

ZEMENIK TRADING LIMITED 

(the “Company”) 

Written Resolution of the Board of Directors of the Company 

passed in accordance he Company’s Articles of Association 

[ ? ] (the “Pledgor”) has entered or propose to enter into a deed of pledge (the “Deed of Pledge”) dated on or about the date of this resolution between the Pledgor and VTB BANK (PJSC) (the “Pledgee”), pursuant to which the Pledgor shall, inter alia, pledge in favour of the Pledgee the share certificates issued in its name and representing [ ? ] ordinary shares in the Company (the “Shares”). 

IT IS HEREBY RESOLVED as follows: 

Dated this [DATE] 

SCHEDULE 8 

SCHEDULE 9 

WAIVER OF PRE-EMPTION RIGHTS 

To:    ZEMENIK TRADING LIMITED (the “Company”) 

Copy:    VTB BANK (PJSC) (the “Pledgee”) 

Date:    [DATE] 

Dear Sirs, 

Waiver of pre-emption rights 

We refer to the deed of pledge (the “Deed of Pledge”) dated [DATE] between [PLEDGOR] (the “Pledgor”) and the Pledgee, pursuant to which the Pledgor, inter alia, pledged in favour of the Pledgee the share certificates issued in its name and representing [NUMBER OF SHARES] of [CURRENCY] [NOMINAL VALUE] in the capital of the Company (the “Shares”). 

We being shareholder of the Company and being entitled to certain pre-emption rights under the Articles of Association of the Company in respect of any transfer of Shares made on enforcement of the Deed of Pledge or otherwise, hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waive all such pre-emption rights (however arising) as we may have in respect of any such transfer. 

If any at any time we propose to transfer any of our shares in the Company to a third party, which is not a shareholder on the date of this letter, we shall procure that that third party shall provide to the Pledgee a waiver of pre-emption rights in the form of this letter before any such transfer shall be effected. 

SIGNATORIES 

DATED 5 OCTOBER 2017 

DEED OF CONFIRMATION 

between 

(1) ELQ INVESTORS VIII LTD 

and 

(2) VTB BANK (PJSC) 

relating to the Deed of Pledge over shares in ZEMENIK TRADING LIMITED 

dated 27 December 2016 

ALEXANDRO§ ECONOMOU 

LLC 

CONTENTS 

THIS DEED is dated 5 October 2017 between: 

BACKGROUND: 

IT IS AGREED as follows: 

In this Deed: 

“Company” means ZEMENIK TRADING LIMITED, a company incorporated in Cyprus with registration number HE 332806, whose registered office is at 42 Dositheou, Strovolos 2028 Nicosia, Cyprus. 

“Deed of Pledge” means the deed of pledge dated 27 December 2016, between the Pledgor and the Pledgee, pursuant to which the Pledgor pledged, inter alia, 40,000 (forty thousand) issued ordinary shares of €1,00 each in the Company. 

The Pledgor will, at the request of the Pledgee, take whatever action is necessary or reasonably desirable to give effect to clause 2 of this Deed. 

This Deed may be executed in any number of counterparts. This has the same effect as if the signatures on the counterparts were on a single copy of this Deed. 

This Deed is governed by Cyprus law. 

The Pledgor irrevocably and unconditionally: 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF this Deed has been executed and delivered on the date stated at the beginning of this Deed. 

EXECUTION VERSION 

DATED 29 DECEMBER 2017 

DEED OF RELEASE AND TERMINATION 

between 

ELQ INVESTORS VIII LTD 

AND 

ZEMENIK TRADING LIMITED 

AND 

VTB BANK (PJSC) 

ALEXANDRO§ ECONOMOU 

LLC 

THIS DEED IS DATED 29 DECEMBER 2017. 

BETWEEN: 

BACKGROUND: 

IT IS AGREED as follows: 

In this Deed of Release: 

Released Assets means: 

2 

Unless given a different meaning in this Deed of Release, terms defined in the Deed of Pledge have the same meaning when used in this Deed of Release (including when used in the preamble hereto). 

With effect from the date of this Deed of Release the Pledgee irrevocably and unconditionally: 

3 

The Released Party must immediately on demand pay all documented costs and expenses (including legal fees) incurred in connection with this Deed of Release by the Pledgee or any person appointed by the Pledgee under the Deed of Pledge. 

This Deed of Release may be executed in any number of counterparts and all of those counterparts taken together will be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. 

4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF THIS DEED has been executed and delivered as a deed on the date stated at the beginning of this Deed of Release. 

5 

SIGNATORIES 

in the presence of: 

in the presence of: 

6 

SIGNATORIES 

in the presence of: 

in the presence of: 

6 

in the presence of: 

7 

EXECUTION VERSION 

DEED OF PLEDGE 

DATED 19 May 2016 

BETWEEN 

HIGHWORLD INVESTMENTS LIMITED 

and 

JSC VTB BANK 

ALEXANDRO§ ECONOMOU 

LLC 

CONTENTS 

THIS DEED is dated 19 May 2016 between: 

BACKGROUND: 

IT IS AGREED as follows: 

In this Deed: 

“BVI” means the British Virgin Islands. 

“BVI” Insolvency Event means: 

“Companies Law” means Cyprus Companies Law, Cap. 113. 

“Company” means ZEMENIK TRADING LIMITED, a company incorporated in Cyprus with registration number HE 332806, whose registered office is at 42 Dositheou, Strovolos 2028, Nicosia, Cyprus. 

“Event of Default” means any of the events or circumstances specified as such in clause 19 of the Facility Agreement, and/or any BVI Insolvency Event. 

“Facility Agreement” means the facility agreement dated on or about the date of this Deed between LLC Zemenik as Borrower and the Pledgee as Agent and Original Lender (as the same may be amended, supplemented or novated from time to time). 

“Finance Documents” means the Facility Agreement and any other “Finance Document”  defined as such in the Facility Agreement. 

“Independent Appraiser” means any of Delloite CIS Holdings Limited, PricewaterhouseCoopers and Ernst & Young Global Limited, or any of their affiliates, to be appointed by the Pledgee. 

“LLC ZEMENIK” means LLC Zemenik, a company incorporated in the Russian Federation with registration number 1167746153860, whose registered address is at office 54, Akademika Iljushina Street 4, block 1, Moscow, Russian Federation. 

“Party” means a party to this Deed. 

“Receiver” means a receiver or a receiver and manager, in each case, appointed under this Deed. 

“Related Rights” means, in relation to any Shares, all dividends and other distributions paid or payable after the date hereof on all or any of such Shares and all stocks, shares, securities (and the dividends or interest thereon), rights, money or property accruing or offered at any time by way of issue, redemption, bonus, preference, option rights or otherwise to or in respect of any of such Shares or in substitution or exchange for any such Shares. 

“Secured Liabilities” means all present and future debts, obligations and liabilities (whether actual or contingent, and whether owed as principal or surety, jointly or severally or in any other capacity whatsoever) of the Pledgor to the Pledgee under this Deed and of the Borrower to the Pledgee under the Facility Agreement, except for any obligation which, if it were so included, would result in this Deed contravening Section 53 of the Companies Law. 

“Security Assets” means the Shares, the Share Certificates and the Related Rights. 

“Security Document” means this Agreement, the Facility Agreement, any other Finance Document or any other document designated as such by the Pledgee and the Borrower in writing. 

“Security Interest” means any mortgage, pledge, lien, charge, assignment, hypothecation or security interest or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect. 

“Security Period” means the period beginning on the date of this Deed and ending on the date on which all the Secured Liabilities have been unconditionally and irrevocably discharged in full. 

“Share Certificates” means all the share certificates representing the Shares and any substitute share certificate or share certificates representing the Shares. 

“Shares” means 60,000 ordinary shares of 1.00 (one) EUR each, held by the Pledgor in the Company (“Security Assets”), which in aggregate represent 60% of the issued shares in the Company, and any further shares in the capital of the Company now or at any time hereafter legally and/or beneficially owned by the Pledgor or in which the Pledgor has an interest. 

All the security created under this Deed: 

As collateral security for the due and punctual payment to the Pledgee of the Secured Liabilities and the performance and observance of and compliance with the other covenants, terms and conditions of the Security Document, the Pledgor: 

The Pledgor makes the representations and warranties set out in this Clause to the Pledgee: 

It has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary actions to authorise the entry into and performance of, this Deed and the transactions contemplated by this Deed. 

This Deed constitutes its legally valid, binding and enforceable obligation. 

The entry into and performance by it of, and the transactions contemplated by, this Deed, or the exercise by the Pledgee of its rights under this Deed, do not and will not conflict with: 

All authorisations required by it in connection with the entry into, performance, validity and enforceability of, and the transactions contemplated by, this Deed have been obtained or effected (as appropriate) and are in full force and effect. 

This Deed creates those Security Interests it purports to create and is not liable to be avoided or otherwise set aside on the liquidation of the Pledgor or otherwise. 

During the Security Period, the Pledgor must not: 

The Pledgor as security for its obligations under this Deed has concurrently with the execution of this Deed delivered or arranged or procured to be delivered to, and deposited with the Pledgee: 

The Pledgee must execute and deliver to the Company a notice of the pledge evidenced by this Deed in the form set out in Schedule 5 (Notice of Pledge), attaching a certified copy of this Deed and the Pledgor must procure: 

During the Security Period, the Pledgor must not take or allow the taking of any action on its behalf (except as permitted under the Facility Agreement) which may result: 

in each case, as the Pledgee may reasonably require and in form and substance satisfactory to it; and 

in respect of any Security Asset. 

This Security is a continuing security and will extend to the ultimate balance of the Secured Liabilities, regardless of any intermediate payment or discharge in whole or in part. 

The obligations of the Pledgor under this Deed will not be affected by, and the Pledgor irrevocably waives any defence it might have by virtue of, any act, omission or event which, but for this provision, would reduce, release or prejudice any of its obligations under this Deed (whether or not known to it or to the Pledgee). This includes: 

At any time during the Security Period, the Pledgee (or any trustee or agent on its behalf) may without affecting the liability of the Pledgor under this Deed: 

Unless: 

the Pledgor will not, after a claim has been made or by virtue of any payment or performance by it under this Deed: 

The Pledgor must hold in trust for and must promptly pay or transfer to the Pledgee (or as directed by the Pledgee) any payment or distribution or benefit of security received by it contrary to this Clause or in accordance with any directions given by the Pledgee under this Deed or any other Security Document. 

The Pledgor may not. without the prior consent of the Pledgee, hold any security from any other Obligor in respect of the Pledgor’s liability under this Deed. The Pledgor will hold any security held by it in breach of this provision on trust for the Pledgee. 

This Security will become immediately enforceable if an Event of Default occurs. 

After this Security has become enforceable, the Pledgee may in its absolute discretion enforce all or any part of this Security at the times, in the manner and on the terms it sees fit, and take possession of and hold or dispose of any Security Asset. 

Neither the Pledgee nor any Receiver will be liable for any loss arising by reason of taking any action permitted by this Deed or for any neglect, default or omission in connection with the Security Asset (save for wilful misconduct and gross negligence) or for taking possession of or realising all or any part of the Security Asset. 

Each Receiver and the Pledgee is entitled to all the rights, powers, privileges and immunities conferred by law (including the Companies Law) on pledgees, mortgagees, charges, encumbrancers and duly appointed receivers under any law (including the Companies Law). 

No person (including a purchaser) dealing with the Pledgee or a Receiver or its or his agents will be concerned to enquire: 

If this Security is enforced at a time when no amount is due under the Security Documents but at a time when amounts may or will become due, the Pledgee (or the Receiver) may pay the proceeds of any recoveries effected by it into a suspense account. 

The Pledgee may by writing under its hand (subject to any requirement for an order of the court in the case of an administrative receiver) remove any Receiver appointed by it and may, whenever it thinks fit, appoint a new Receiver in the place of any Receiver whose appointment may for any reason have terminated. 

The Pledgee may fix the remuneration of any Receiver appointed by it and any maximum rate imposed by any law will not apply. 

A Receiver will be deemed to be the agent of the Pledgor for all purposes and accordingly will be deemed to be in the same position as a Receiver. The Pledgor is solely responsible for the contracts, engagements, acts, omissions, defaults and losses of a Receiver and for liabilities incurred by a Receiver. 

To the fullest extent allowed by law, any right, power or discretion conferred by this Deed (either expressly or impliedly) or by law on a Receiver may after this Security becomes enforceable be exercised by the Pledgee in relation to any Security Asset without first appointing a Receiver or notwithstanding the appointment of a Receiver. 

A Receiver may take immediate possession of, get in and collect any Security Asset. 

A Receiver may carry on any business of the Pledgor in relation to the Secured Assets in any manner it thinks fit. 

A Receiver may raise and borrow money either unsecured or on the security of any Security Asset either in priority to this Security or otherwise and generally on any terms and for whatever purpose which he thinks fit. 

A Receiver may let any Security Asset for any term and at any rent (with or without a premium) which it thinks fit and may accept a surrender of any lease or tenancy of any Security Asset on any terms which he thinks fit (including the payment of money to a lessee or tenant on a surrender). 

A Receiver may settle, adjust, refer to arbitration, compromise and arrange any claim, account, dispute, question or demand with or by any person who is or claims to be a creditor of the Pledgor or relating in any way to any Security Asset. 

A Receiver may bring, prosecute, enforce, defend and abandon any action, suit or proceedings in relation to any Security Asset which it thinks fit. 

A Receiver may give a valid receipt for any moneys and execute any assurance or thing which may be proper or desirable for realising any Security Asset. 

A Receiver may delegate his powers in accordance with this Deed. 

A Receiver may lend money or advance credit to any customer of the Pledgor. 

in each case as he thinks fit. 

A Receiver may: 

Unless otherwise determined by the Pledgee or a Receiver, any moneys received by the Pledgee or that Receiver after this Security has become enforceable must be applied in accordance with the Facility Agreement: 

This Clause is subject to the payment of any claims having priority over this Security. Subject to Clause 17.3, this Clause does not prejudice the right of the Pledgee to recover any shortfall from the Pledgor. 

The Pledgor must procure that the Borrower or any other member of the Group: 

The Pledgee or any Receiver may delegate by power of attorney or in any other manner to any person any right, power or discretion exercisable by it under this Deed. 

Any such delegation may be made upon any terms (including power to sub-delegate) which the Pledgee or any Receiver may think fit. 

Neither the Pledgee nor any Receiver will be in any way liable or responsible to the Pledgor for any loss or liability arising from any act, default, omission or misconduct on the part of any delegate or sub-delegate. 

The Pledgor must, at its own expense, take whatever action the Pledgee or a Receiver may require for: 

This includes: 

which, in any such case, the Pledgee may think necessary, desirable, or expedient. 

Forthwith following execution of this Deed of Pledge, Pledgor shall: 

Subject to Clause 17.3 below, the Pledgor covenants with the Pledgee that whenever the Borrower does not pay the Secured Liabilities or any amount thereof when the same falls due for payment, performance or discharge in accordance with the terms of the Facility Agreement, it shall on demand by the Pledgee pay, perform and discharge the Secured Liabilities. 

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Deed and any other Security Document, it is expressly agreed and understood that: 

If on enforcement over the Security Assets, the net proceeds are insufficient to discharge the liabilities and obligations that the Pledgor has towards the Pledgee under this Deed, then the Pledgor shall be under no further obligations under this Deed. 

At the end of the Security Period , the Pledgee shall promptly, at the request and cost of the Pledgor: 

The Pledgor may not assign or transfer any of its rights or obligations under this Deed. 

The Pledgee may assign or otherwise dispose of all or any of its rights under this Deed to any person to whom it assigns or transfers its rights and obligations under the Facility Agreement, in accordance with the terms of the Security Documents to which it is a party and may disclose any information in its possession relating to the Pledgor to any actual or prospective assignee, transferee or participant. 

This Deed shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by and against the Parties and their respective heirs, executors, legal representatives, successors, assigns and permitted transferees. 

Accounts maintained by the Pledgee in connection with this Deed are, in the absence of a manifest error, prima facie evidence of the matters to which they relate for the purpose of any litigation or arbitration proceedings. 

Any certification or determination by the Pledgee of a rate or amount under the Security Documents will be, in the absence of manifest error, conclusive evidence of the matters to which it relates. 

Address: Trident Chambers. P.O., Box 146, Road Town, Tortola, Virgin Islands (British) 

Email: info@fidnserve.com 

Tax:+357 22 679096 

Attention: Stelios Haralambous 

Address: Ul. Bolshaya Tvlorskaya, 29, St. Petersburg 190000, Russia 

Email: loanadmin@msk.vtb.ru, TM21@msk.vtb.ru 

Fax: +7 (495) 775-54-54 

Attention: Loan administration 

Any notice given in connection with this Deed must be in English. 

If a term of this Deed is or becomes illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect under any jurisdiction, that will not affect: 

The rights of the Pledgee under this Deed: 

Delay in exercising or non-exercise of any right is not a waiver of that right. 

This Deed may be executed In any number of counterparts. Tins has the same effect as if the signatures on the counterparts were on a single copy of this Deed. 

This Deed is governed by Cyprus law. 

The Pledgor irrevocably and unconditionally: 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF this Deed has been executed and delivered on the date stated at the beginning of this Deed. 

SCHEDULE 1 

INSTRUMENT OF TRANSFER 

We, the Transferor, in consideration of the sum of €1 (one Euro) and other good and valuable consideration paid to us by the Transferee (the sufficiency of which we hereby acknowledge), do hereby transfer to the Transferee the Shares in the Company, so that the Transferee, its executors, administrators, successor and assigns, can hold the same subject to the terms and conditions on which we held the Shares at the time of execution of this Instrument. 

In witness whereof we have caused this Instrument to be executed on [DATE] 

AND we, the Transferee, do hereby agree to accept and take the Shares subject to the terms and conditions aforesaid and have caused this Instrument to be executed on [DATE] 

SCHEDULE 2 

IRREVOCABLE PROXY AND POWER OF ATTORNEY 

This Power of Attorney is made by way of Deed on [DATE] by [PLEDGOR], [DETAILS] (the Pledgor). 

We the Pledgor hereby make, constitute and appoint JSC VTB BANK (the “Pledgee”), acting by any of its directors or officers from time to time, to be our true and lawful proxy and attorney (the “Attorney) with full power and authority, and in our name and place or in the name of the Attorney, and on our behalf: 

The Attorney may delegate one or more of the powers conferred on the Attorney by this power of attorney to a nominee or nominees appointed for that purpose by the board of directors of the relevant Attorney, by resolution or otherwise. 

The Attorney may appoint one or more persons to act as substitute attorney(s) for the Pledgor and to exercise one or more of the powers conferred on the Attorney by this power of attorney other than the power to appoint a substitute attorney and revoke any such appointment. 

This power of attorney is given by way of security pursuant to the Deed of Pledge and shall be irrevocable until all the debts, obligations and liabilities secured by the Deed of Pledge have been unconditionally and irrevocably paid and discharged in full. 

The Pledgor: 

This power of attorney (and any dispute, controversy, proceedings or claim of whatever nature arising out of or in any way relating to this power of attorney, its formation or any act performed or claimed to be performed under it) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Cyprus law. 

This document has been executed as a deed and is delivered and takes effect on the date stated at the beginning of it. 

SCHEDULE 3 

LETTER OF RESIGNATION 

Date: 

Dear Sirs, 

[We]/[I], [NAME] hereby resign from [our]/[my] position as a [Director] [Secretary] of the Company with effect from the date of this letter. 

[We]/[I] hereby confirm that [we]/[I] have no claim whatsoever against the Company, other than any fees owed to [us/][me] or remaining outstanding in respect of serving the Company in [our]/[my] capacity as Director/Secretary up to and including the date of [our]/[my] resignation. 

This letter is governed by Cyprus law. 

Yours faithfully, 

[NAME OF DIRECTOR/SECRETARY] [Director/Secretary] 

SCHEDULE 4 

LETTER OF AUTHORITY AND UNDERTAKING 

Date: [DATE] 

Dear Sirs, 

ZEMENIK TRADING (the “Company”) 

We, the undersigned, holding the offices in the Company set out under our names refer to the facility agreement dated [DATE] (as amended, supplemented or novated from time to time, the “Facility Agreement”) and a deed of pledge dated [DATE] in respect of [ ? ] shares in the Company (the “Deed of Pledge”) executed by [ ? ] (the “Pledgor”) in favour of the Pledgee as security for the Secured Liabilities (as defined in the Deed of Pledge). 

For good and valuable consideration provided by the Pledgee (the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged): 

Terms defined in the Deed of Pledge have the same meaning in this letter. 

This letter is governed by Cyprus law. 

Yours faithfully, 

SCHEDULE 5 

NOTICE OF PLEDGE 

Date: [DATE] 

Dear Sirs, 

Deed of Pledge dated [DATE] between 

[•] and JSC VTB BANK (the “Deed of Pledge) 

This letter constitutes notice to you that under the Deed of Pledge, [ ? ] (the “Pledgor”) have, inter alia, pledged in our favour the share certificates representing [ ? ] ordinary shares of €1.00 each in the share capital of the Company (the “Shares”). 

We attach to this notice a certified copy of the Deed of Pledge duly signed by the Pledgor and us, in the presence of two competent witnesses who subscribed with their names as witnesses. 

In accordance with Section 138(2)(b) of the Contract Law, Cap. 149, you are instructed to: 

You are instructed to disclose to us any information relation to the Shares requested by us from time to time and to comply with the terms of any written notice or instruction relating to the Shares which you may receive from us. 

This letter is governed by Cyprus law. 

SCHEDULE 6 

SECRETARY’S CERTIFICATE 

Date: [DATE] 

Deed of Pledge dated [DATE] between 

[ ? ] and JSC VTB BANK (the “Deed of Pledge”) 

We acknowledge receipt of the notice dated [DATE] notifying us that the [PLEDGOR] have, inter alia, under the Deed of Pledge pledged the share certificates representing [ ? ] ordinary shares of €1.00 each (the “Shares”) in ZEMENIK TRADING LIMITED (the “Company“), together with the certified copy of the Deed of Pledge. 

We hereby agree to comply with the notice and confirm, certify and acknowledge that we: 

This certificate is governed by Cyprus law. 

SCHEDULE 

[NUMBER][CLASS] shares of [CURRENCY][NOMINAL VALUE] (with distinctive numbers [ ? ] 

to [ ? ]) inclusive) registered in the name of [PLEDGOR] have been pledged in favour 

of [PLEDGEE] under a Deed of Pledge dated [DATE] between [PLEDGOR] and [PLEDGEE] 

SCHEDULE 7 

BOARD RESOLUTION 

ZEMENIK TRADING LIMITED 

(the “Company) 

Written Resolution of the Board of Directors of tile Company 

passed in accordance he Company’s Articles of Association 

[ ? ] (the “Pledgor) has entered or propose to enter into a deed of pledge (the “Deed of Pledge”) dated on or about the date of this resolution between the Pledgor and JSC VTB BANK (the “Pledgee”), pursuant to which the Pledgor shall, inter alia, pledge in favour of the Pledgee the share certificates issued in its name and representing [ ? ] ordinary shares in the Company (the Shares). 

IT IS HEREBY RESOLVED as follows: 

SCHEDULE 8 

SCHEDULE 9 

WAIVER OF PRE-EMPTION RIGHTS 

Copy: JSC VTB BANK (the “Pledgee”) 

Date: [DATE] 

Dear Sirs, 

Waiver of pre-emption rights 

We refer to the deed of pledge (the “Deed of Pledge”) dated [DATE] between [PLEDGOR] (the “Pledgor”) and the Pledgee, pursuant to which the Pledgor, inter alia, pledged in favour of the Pledgee the share certificates issued in its name and representing [NUMBER OF SHARES] of [CURRENCY] [NOMINAL VALUE] in the capital of the Company (the “Shares”). 

We being shareholder of the Company and being entitled to certain pre-emption rights under the Articles of Association of the Company in respect of any transfer of Shares made on enforcement of the Deed of Pledge or otherwise, hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waive all such pre-emption rights (however arising) as we may have in respect of any such transfer. 

If any at any time we propose to transfer any of our shares in the Company to a third party, which is not a shareholder on the date of this letter, we shall procure that that third party shall provide to the Pledgee a waiver of pre-emption rights in the form of this letter before any such transfer shall be effected. 

SIGNATORIES 

DATED 5 OCTOBER 2017 

DEED OF CONFIRMATION 

between 

(1) HIGHWORLD INVESTMENTS LIMITED 

and 

(2) VTB BANK (PJSC) 

relating to the Deed of Pledge over shares in ZEMENIK TRADING LIMITED 

dated 19 May 2016 

ALEXANDRO§ ECONOMOU LLC 

CONTENTS 

THIS DEED is dated 5 October 2017 between: 

BACKGROUND: 

IT IS AGREED as follows: 

In this Deed: 

“Company” means ZEMENIK TRADING LIMITED, a company incorporated in Cyprus with registration number HE 332806, whose registered office is at 42 Dositheou, Strovolos 2028 Nicosia, Cyprus. 

“Deed of Pledge” means the deed of pledge dated 19 May 2016, between the Pledgor and the Pledgee, pursuant to which the Pledgor pledged, inter alia, 60,000 (sixty thousand) issued ordinary shares of €1,00 each in the Company. 

This Deed may be executed in any number of counterparts. This has the same effect as if the signatures on the counterparts were on a single copy of this Deed. 

This Deed is governed by Cyprus law. 

The Pledgor irrevocably and unconditionally: 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF this Deed has been executed and delivered on the date stated at the beginning of this Deed. 

SIGNATORIES 

SIGNATORIES 

EXECUTION VERSION 

DATED 29 DECEMBER 2017 

DEED OF RELEASE AND TERMINATION 

between 

HIGHWORLD INVESTMENTS LIMITED 

AND 

ZEMENIK TRADING LIMITED 

AND 

VTB BANK (PJSC) 

ALEXANDRO§ ECONOMOU 

LLC 

THIS DEED IS DATED 29 DECEMBER 2017. 

BETWEEN: 

BACKGROUND: 

IT IS AGREED as follows: 

In this Deed of Release: 

Released Assets means: 

2 

Unless given a different meaning in this Deed of Release, terms defined in the Deed of Pledge have the same meaning when used in this Deed of Release (including when used in the preamble hereto). 

With effect from the date of this Deed of Release the Pledgee irrevocably and unconditionally: 

3 

The Released Party must immediately on demand pay all documented costs and expenses (including legal fees) incurred in connection with this Deed of Release by the Pledgee or any person appointed by the Pledgee under the Deed of Pledge. 

This Deed of Release may be executed in any number of counterparts and all of those counterparts taken together will be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. 

4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF THIS DEED has been executed and delivered as a deed on the date stated at the beginning of this Deed of Release. 

5 

SIGNATORIES 

in the presence of: 

in the presence of: 

6 

in the presence of: 

7 

29 December 2017 

ZEMENIK TRADING LIMITED 

as the guarantor under this Agreement 

and 

LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY ZEMENIK 

as the principal under this Agreement 

and 

VTB BANK (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY) 

as the beneficiary under this Agreement 

AMENDMENT AGREEMENT NO. 3 

to the independent guarantee agreement dated 

the 1st of June 2016 

Herbert Smith Freehills CIS LLP 

CONTENTS 

2 

THIS AMENDMENT AGREEMENT NO. 3 TO THE INDEPENDENT GUARANTEE AGREEMENT (hereinafter — the Agreement) is entered into on the 29 of December 2017 by and between: 

RECITALS 

THE PARTIES HAVE AGREED as follows: 

In this Agreement: 

Effective Date shall have the meaning provided in paragraph (a) of Clause 4 (Limitations). 

Amendment Agreement No. 4 shall have the meaning provided in paragraph (A) of the Recitals. 

3 

Longstop Effective Date shall mean a date falling in sixty (60) days of Amendment Agreement No. 4 date. 

A Party shall mean a party to this Agreement. 

Unless otherwise required by the context, the capitalized terms that are used in the Facility Agreement and Independent Guarantee Agreement and that are not defined in this Agreement shall have the same meanings as in the Facility Agreement and Independent Guarantee Agreement. 

The provisions of Clause 1.2 (Interpretation) of the Facility Agreement shall apply to this Agreement as if they were set out in this Agreement and references to Clauses, paragraphs and Exhibits shall be deemed to be to the Clauses, paragraphs and exhibits of this Agreement unless otherwise required by the context. 

This Agreement is a Finance Document. 

4 

5 

6 

“, which was terminated as a result of the relevant agreement for termination of the pledge executed by the parties on the date of Amendment Agreement No. 4” 

“Unlimited Guarantee shall have the meaning given to such term in Amendment Agreement No. 4.” 

“Amendment Agreement No. 4 shall mean amendment agreement no. 4 to this Agreement dated 29 December 2017.” 

“excluding the Unlimited Guarantee” 

7 

This Agreement, as well as the rights and obligations of the Parties arising under this Agreement, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Russian Federation. 

This Agreement is made in three (3) counterparts of equal legal effect, constituting a single document, one counterpart for each of the Parties. 

This Agreement is entered into on the date first written above. 

8 

SIGNATURES OF THE PARTIES 

Guarantor 

ZEMENIK TRADING LIMITED 

Signature: 

9 

Borrower 

LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY ZEMENIK 

Signature:     

10 

Initial Lender 

VTB BANK (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY) 

Signature:     

11 

registration number HE 178226 

42 Dositheou, Strovolos 2028, Nicosia, Cyprus 

(the “Company”) 

Primary State Registration Number (OGRN): 1027739609391 

Bolshaya Morskaya Street, 29, Saint-Petersburg, Russian Federation, 190000 

(the “Bank”) 

Date:            December 2017 

LETTER OF CONSENT 

in relation to the pledge agreement in respect of the interest in the charter capital of LLC 

Headhunter dated 26 May 2016 and independent guarantee dated 1 June 2016 

Dear Sirs, 

1 

Yours faithfully, 

Company 

For and on behalf of 

Headhunter FSU Limited 

Signature: 

Surname, name, patronymic: 

Title: 

2 

registration number HE 332806 

42 Dositheou, Strovolos 2028, Nicosia, Cyprus 

(the “Company”) 

Primary State Registration Number (OGRN): 1027739609391 

Bolshaya Morskaya Street, 29, Saint-Petersburg, Russian Federation, 190000 

(the “Bank”) 

Date:    29 December 2017 

LETTER OF CONSENT 

in relation to the pledge agreement in respect of the interest in the charter capital of LLC 

Zemenik dated 26 May 2016 and independent guarantee dated 1 June 2016 

Dear Sirs, 

1 

Yours faithfully, 

Company 

For and on behalf of 

Zemenik Trading Limited 

Signature: 

Surname, name, patronymic: 

Title: 

2 

[TABLE] 1. | DEFINITIONS | 4

[TABLE] 2. | SUBJECT OF THE AGREEMENT | 20

[TABLE] 3. | PURPOSE | 21

[TABLE] 4. | REQUIREMENTS TO THE BORROWER FOR RECEIPT OF THE CREDIT | 21

[TABLE] 5. | PROVISION OF THE CREDIT | 23

[TABLE] 6. | TERMINATION OF THE CREDITOR’S OBLIGATIONS | 23

[TABLE] 7. | REPAYMENT OF THE CREDIT | 24

[TABLE] 8. | EARLY REPAYMENT AND WAIVER OF THE CREDIT | 24

[TABLE] 9. | INTEREST | 27

[TABLE] 10. | INTEREST PERIOD | 29

[TABLE] 11. | REMUNERATION OF PARTIES TO FINANCING | 31

[TABLE] 12. | TAXES | 31

[TABLE] 13. | ADDITIONAL EXPENSES | 33

[TABLE] 14. | REIMBURSEMENT OF EXPENSES | 34

[TABLE] 15. | OBLIGATION OF THE PARTIES TO THE FINANCING TO UNDERTAKE ALL ACTIONS TO AVOID NEGATIVE CONSEQUENCES FOR THE BORROWER | 35

[TABLE] 16. | REPRESENTATIONS | 36

[TABLE] 17. | OBLIGATIONS TO PROVIDE INFORMATION | 39

[TABLE] 18. | OBLIGATION TO COMPLY WITH FINANCIAL INDICATORS | 42

[TABLE] 19. | GENERAL OBLIGATIONS | 46

[TABLE] 20. | PERMITTED REORGANIZATION | 55

[TABLE] 21. | EVENTS OF DEFAULT | 55

[TABLE] 22. | REPLACEMENT OF THE PARTIES | 60

[TABLE] 23. | PARTIES TO FINANCING | 63

[TABLE] 24. | PAYMENT MECHANISM | 66

[TABLE] 25. | NOTIFICATIONS | 68

[TABLE] 26. | PARTIAL INVALIDITY | 70

[TABLE] 27. | AMENDMENTS TO THE AGREEMENT | 70

[TABLE] 28. | CONFIDENTIALITY | 71

[TABLE] 29. | GOVERNING LAW | 72

[TABLE] 30. | DISPUTE RESOLUTION | 73

[TABLE] 31. | SIGNING | 73

[TABLE] APPENDIX 1 LIST OF INITIAL CREDITORS AND CREDIT LIMITS | APPENDIX 1 LIST OF INITIAL CREDITORS AND CREDIT LIMITS | APPENDIX 1 LIST OF INITIAL CREDITORS AND CREDIT LIMITS | 74

[TABLE] APPENDIX 2 REQUIREMENTS TO THE BORROWER TO OBTAIN CREDIT | APPENDIX 2 REQUIREMENTS TO THE BORROWER TO OBTAIN CREDIT | APPENDIX 2 REQUIREMENTS TO THE BORROWER TO OBTAIN CREDIT | 75

[TABLE] APPENDIX 3 FORM OF DRAWDOWN REQUEST | APPENDIX 3 FORM OF DRAWDOWN REQUEST | APPENDIX 3 FORM OF DRAWDOWN REQUEST | 87

[TABLE] APPENDIX 4 FORM OF ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT | APPENDIX 4 FORM OF ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT | APPENDIX 4 FORM OF ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT | 88

[TABLE] APPENDIX 5 FORM OF CONFIRMATION OF FINANCIAL INDICATORS | APPENDIX 5 FORM OF CONFIRMATION OF FINANCIAL INDICATORS | APPENDIX 5 FORM OF CONFIRMATION OF FINANCIAL INDICATORS | 95

[TABLE] APPENDIX 6 LOAN REPAYMENT SCHEDULE | APPENDIX 6 LOAN REPAYMENT SCHEDULE | APPENDIX 6 LOAN REPAYMENT SCHEDULE | 100

[TABLE] APPENDIX 7 CURRENT FINANCIAL INDEBTEDNESS | APPENDIX 7 CURRENT FINANCIAL INDEBTEDNESS | APPENDIX 7 CURRENT FINANCIAL INDEBTEDNESS | 103

[TABLE] APPENDIX 8 INTELECTUAL PROPERTY ITEMS | APPENDIX 8 INTELECTUAL PROPERTY ITEMS | APPENDIX 8 INTELECTUAL PROPERTY ITEMS | 105

[TABLE] APPENDIX 9 GROUP STRUCTURE CHART | APPENDIX 9 GROUP STRUCTURE CHART | APPENDIX 9 GROUP STRUCTURE CHART | 107

[TABLE] APPENDIX 10 LITIGATION | APPENDIX 10 LITIGATION | APPENDIX 10 LITIGATION | 108

[TABLE] APPENDIX 11 LIST OF CURRENT DEBTS | APPENDIX 11 LIST OF CURRENT DEBTS | APPENDIX 11 LIST OF CURRENT DEBTS | 110

[TABLE] APPENDIX 12 LIST OF RUSSIAN BANKS | APPENDIX 12 LIST OF RUSSIAN BANKS | APPENDIX 12 LIST OF RUSSIAN BANKS | 111

[TABLE] 1. | Definitions

[TABLE] 1.1 | Terms

[TABLE] (a) | as applied to every Interest period – the key rate, established by the Central bank of the Russian Federation and effective on each day of the Interest period; and

[TABLE] (b) | as applied to any other period – the key rate, established by the Central bank of the Russian Federation and effective as of every day of such period,

[TABLE] (a) | any amounts, referring to depreciation and impairment of fixed assets;

[TABLE] (b) | any amounts, referring to impairment of goodwill;

[TABLE] (c) | any amounts, referring to depreciation and impairment of other intangible assets; and

[TABLE] (d) | for the purposes of establishment of financial rates, stated in par. (a) Article 9.2 (Review of Margin amount), expenses n advertisement, incurred in 2016 in the amount of RUB 200 000 000.

[TABLE] (a) | any Group member or its adviser; or

[TABLE] (b) | other Finance party or its adviser, if the information was received by such Finance party from any Group member or its adviser, except for information, which:

[TABLE] (i) | is or becomes available to an unlimited circle of persons otherwise, than as the result of violation by the Finance party of the terms of Article 28 (Confidentiality); or

[TABLE] (ii) | was known to the Finance party before the date of disclosure to it or its adviser of such information or under legal bases obtained by the Finance party or its adviser after such date from the source, which, to the knowledge of such Finance party, not related to the Group, and which in any case, to the knowledge of the Finance party, was not received as the result of violation of the violation of the obligation on keeping confidentiality.

[TABLE] (a) | any Initial Lender; and/or

[TABLE] (b) | any banks or other credit or other organizations (except for any persons, belonging to the Group of the Borrower), which acquire rights of claim to the Borrower and/or the oblation on providing the Credit in accordance with the provisions of Article 22.2 (Cession of rights and assignment of obligations by the Creditors) and the current legislation.

[TABLE] (a) | in respect of any Interest period, beginning before date of Amendment Agreement No. 3 – 3,7 (three point seven) percent per annum; or

[TABLE] (b) | in respect of any other Interest period, beginning on the date of Amendment Agreement No. 3 or after it :

[TABLE] (i) | 2,0 (two) percent per annum; or

[TABLE] (ii) | in cases, stated in Article 9.2 (Review of Margin amount), 2,5 (two point five) percent per annum.

[TABLE] (a) | Event of default; or

[TABLE] (b) | event or circumstance, stated in Article 21 (Events of default), which, in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement upon (1) expiration of any term established by this Agreement for removal of any violation, (2) sending of any notification, or (3) making of respective decision on Finance documents, will become the Event of default.

[TABLE] (a) | amounts of moneys, already provided to the Borrower by this Lender, and

[TABLE] (b) | Amounts, liable to providing by such Lender.

[TABLE] (a) | financial statement approved by auditors of Zemenik Trading for 2015;

[TABLE] (b) | annual reporting of Headhunter for 2015, prepared in accordance with RAS; and

[TABLE] (c) | managerial reporting of HeadHunter FSU, prepared in accordance with the accounting policy of the Group on managerial accounting, as of December 31st, 2015.

[TABLE] (a) | remuneration in the form of providing Equity instruments of the Group; or

[TABLE] (b) | remuneration in the form of payment of moneys or providing other assets, on condition, that the amount of this remuneration is established on the basis and/or depends on the value of the Equity instruments o the Group.

[TABLE] (a) | A Russian legal entity, or

[TABLE] (b) | A resident of the State – Party to the Treaty on avoidance of double taxation, on conditions that the status of such Lender upon requirement of the Debtor is confirmed by the copy of document translated into Russian, issued by the competent tax authority of the State – Party to the Treaty on avoidance of double taxation, certifying to the fact that the respective Lender is a tax resident of this State – Party to the Treaty on avoidance of double taxation.

[TABLE] (a) | for the purposes of establishment of the amount of the Lender’s participation in providing the Credit in accordance with any Drawdown request, correlation between the Unspent lending limit of such Lender and the Aggregate Unspent lending limit.

[TABLE] (b) | for any other purposes:

[TABLE] (i) | in absence of Outstanding credit, correlation between the Lending limit of a certain Lender and the Aggregate lending limit, or

[TABLE] (ii) | if there is Outstanding credit, correlation between the Outstanding credit, given to the Borrower by a certain Lender, together with the Amount, liable to providing by this Lender, and the Outstanding credit, given to the Borrower by all Lenders, together with the Amount, liable to providing by al Lenders.

[TABLE] (a) | there is no risk of cessation or contesting of Security agreements as the result of such actions;

[TABLE] (b) | transfer of the right of ownership for such shares and interests, respectively, shall take place, taking into account the existing pledge in favor of the Lenders;

[TABLE] (c) | prior agreement with the Facility Agent of all agreements and other documents, necessary for transfer of ownership of shares in Headhunter from Headhunter FSU to the Borrower;

[TABLE] (d) | that the composition of the members of the Borrower will not change; and

[TABLE] (e) | providing during 5 (five) Business days after receipt of a reasonable request from the Facility Agent of any documents and data in respect of such actions.

[TABLE] (a) | arising in accordance with the conditions of Financial documents or permitted by the Financial documents;

[TABLE] (b) | of the Group member, which exists at the date of this Agreement, stated in Annex 7 (Existing financial indebtedness);

[TABLE] (c) | of the Group members, the order for satisfaction of claims under which, as well as the turn for satisfaction of the claims under which shall be regulated by the Intercreditor agreements;

[TABLE] (d) | of Zemenik Trading to its shareholders, the order for satisfaction of claims under which, as well as the turn for satisfaction of the claims under which shall be regulated by the Intercreditor agreements;

[TABLE] (e) | of Zemenik Trading under loans from Highworld and ELQ Investors, granted on April 27th, 2016 in the amount, accumulatively not exceeding RUB 4 000 000 000 (for billion), for the purposes of performing payment by Zemenik Trading in favor of the Seller of a part of the purchase price for 100 (one hundred) percent of shares in the authorized capital of Headhunter FSU under Purchase and sale agreement 1;

[TABLE] (f) | of the Borrower to any Guarantor;

[TABLE] (a) | any payments, performed by the Group member in favor of the Borrower or Guarantor;

[TABLE] (b) | any payments, performed by any Debtor to another Debtor;

[TABLE] (c) | payment of profit for allocation by any member of the Group in favor of shareholders of Zemenik Trading (including in the form of Permitted repurchase) on condition of observation of the requirements of Article 19.12 (Payment of dividends and repurchase of shares/interests of participation);

[TABLE] (d) | payment in favor of other member of the Group or shareholders of Zemenik Trading of moneys, received by any Group member from sales of share/interests in another Group member, other than the Debtor, on condition, that after such payment the value of Debt burden shall not change (taking into account provisions of par. (e) Article 19.3 (Alienation of assets));

[TABLE] (e) | payment of moneys by the Group member in favor of other Group member in the amount, not exceeding RUB 300 000 000, during three months after the Drawdown date under Tranche A, and subsequent payment of moneys by Zemenik Trading in favor of shareholders of Zemenik Trading;

[TABLE] (f) | execution of payments by Zemenik Trading in favor of the Seller under Purchase and sale agreement 1 for the amount, not exceeding RUB 5 000 000 000 (five billion), during three months after the date of this Agreement; and

[TABLE] (i) | in favor of Highworld, directed at repayment of the Dollar loan from Highworld;

[TABLE] (ii) | in favor of Highworld, directed at repayment of the loan, grated by Highworld on April 27th, 2016, moneys under which were directed by Zemenik Trading (or from and on behalf of Zemenik Trading) to perform payment in favor of the Seller of a part of the purchase price for 100 (one hundred) percent of shares in the authorized capital of Headhunter FSU under Purchase and sale agreement 1; and

[TABLE] (iii) | in favor of ELQ Investors, directed at repayment of the loan, grated by ELQ Investors on April 27th, 2016, moneys under which were directed by Zemenik Trading (or from and on behalf of Zemenik Trading) to perform payment in favor of the Seller of a part of the purchase price for 100 (one hundred) percent of shares in the authorized capital of Headhunter FSU under Purchase and sale agreement 1.

[TABLE] (h) | performance during 5 (five) Business days after the Drawdown date under Tranche B:

[TABLE] (i) | by the Borrower of the payment (not exceeding the amount of Tranche B) in favor of Zemenik Trading in accordance with Purchase and sale agreement 2; and

[TABLE] (ii) | payment by Zemenik Trading of the amount, received from the Borrower in accordance with Purchase and sale agreement 2, in favor of ELQ Investors and Highworld, directed at repayment of loans, granted by ELQ Investors and Highworld in favor of Zemenik Trading before the date of this Agreement; and

[TABLE] (i) | performance of payments being compulsory by virtue of the current legislation in favor of shareholders, which are not the Group members or members of legal entities, being the Group members, in case of withdrawal of such shareholder or member from such legal entity,

[TABLE] (a) | if such shares or interests are the subject of the Pledge Agreement, and such shares or interests will continue to be the subject of such pledge, regardless of the corresponding redemption;

[TABLE] (b) | compliance of such Group member with all applicable legal requirements for such redemption, including requirements for the size of the authorized capital of such Group member; and

[TABLE] (c) | shares or interests will be repaid within the period established by the applicable law.

[TABLE] (a) | loans provided by the Group members before the date of this Agreement listed in the Annex 11 (List of existing loans _bookmark183);

[TABLE] (b) | provided by any Debtor to another Debtor;

[TABLE] (c) | provided by any Group member to the Debtor under loan agreements, the procedure of satisfaction of claims on which, as well as the order of satisfaction of claims on which are governed by the Inter-Loan Agreement;

[TABLE] (d) | provided by any Group member, who is not the Debtor, to another Group member, who is not the Debtor;

[TABLE] (e) | provided in aggregate by any Group member to third parties, and total principal amount of which does not exceed at any time five (5) percent of the Consolidated EBITDA; and

[TABLE] (f) | which were provided by the shareholders of Zemenik Trading on April 27, 2016 in the aggregate not exceeding four billion (4,000,000,000) roubles, the cash funds on which were sent by Zemenik Trading (or on behalf of Zemenik Trading) for payment in favor of the Seller the part of the purchase price for one hundred (100) percent of shares in the authorized capital of Headhunter FSU under the Sales and Purchase Agreement 1.

[TABLE] (a) | financial state of the Group as a whole;

[TABLE] (b) | the ability of Debtors to fulfill their obligations under any Financial Document;

[TABLE] (c) | the validity or order of security that is provided or should be provided under any Financial Document or the possibility of foreclosure on it; or

[TABLE] (d) | the validity of the Financial Documents or the possibility of exercising the rights of the Financing Parties provided by each relevant Financial Document.

[TABLE] (a) | lease agreement No. 3670 dated March 1, 2013;

[TABLE] (b) | lease agreement No. 4480 dated September 16, 2015; and

[TABLE] (c) | lease agreement No. 4735 dated May 4, 2016.

[TABLE] (a) | a significant malfunction in those payment systems or communication systems or in those financial markets whose operation in each case is necessary for making payments (or other transactions subject to execution) in accordance with transactions stipulated by the Financial Documents that occurred for reasons beyond the control of either Party; or

[TABLE] (b) | the occurrence of any other event that entails a failure (of a technical or systemic nature) in the cash or settlement transactions of any Party that does not allow this or any other Party:

[TABLE] (i) | perform its payment obligations on Financial Documents; or

[TABLE] (ii) | communicate with other Parties on the Finance Documents,

[TABLE] (a) | receiving money in the form of a loan or a credit;

[TABLE] (b) | obtaining the commodity loan or commercial loan for a period of more than thirty (30) days, or issuing an unsecured letter of credit if such indebtiness is classified as a “financial indebtiness” in accordance with IFRS;

[TABLE] (c) | issue of bonds, bills of exchange and any other debt

[TABLE] (d) | instruments; conclusion of a financial leasing contract;

[TABLE] (e) | transactions with derivative financial instruments in order to protect or benefit from fluctuations in any rates, interest rates or prices, and the amount of the transaction with such derivative financial instruments will be calculated based on market indicators at each point in time;

[TABLE] (f) | making repo transactions or any other transaction that is called borrowing in accordance with IFRS;

[TABLE] (g) | assuming the obligations to recover damages or expenses incurred by persons not belonging to the Group;

[TABLE] (h) | the conclusion of the Reward Plans based on the Group’s Equity Instruments; or

[TABLE] (i) | performance of transactions providing the assumption of the obligation:

[TABLE] (a) | this Agreement;

[TABLE] (b) | each Agreement on security;

[TABLE] (c) | each Agreement on the Issuance of an Independent

[TABLE] (d) | Guarantee; each Agreement for the issue of an Additional

[TABLE] (e) | Guarantee; Intercreditor Agreement;

[TABLE] (f) | each Creditor Right Assignment Agreement; each

[TABLE] (g) | Application for Utilization;

[TABLE] (h) | any other document that the Credit Agent and the Borrower agreed in writing to consider as the Finance Document; or

[TABLE] (i) | each Document in connection with the Reorganization.

[TABLE] 1.2 | Interpretation

[TABLE] (a) | In this Agreement, unless otherwise follows from the context:

[TABLE] (i) | a reference to the Credit Agent, the Organizer, the Finance Party, the Lender, the Obligor or the Party also implies a reference to their successors by virtue of the law or this Agreement;

[TABLE] (ii) | a document in an agreed form means a document agreed in writing by the Credit Agent and the Borrower;

[TABLE] (iii) | assets include existing or future property, income and rights of any kind;

[TABLE] (iv) | the reference to a Financial Instrument or other agreement, document or financial instrument implies such a Financial Document or other agreement, document or financial instrument with all amendments and additions introduced to it at any time;

[TABLE] (v) | a person includes any individual, legal entity, government body, government or state;

[TABLE] (vi) | the legislation means any law, ordinance, decree, order, decision, provision, rule, official direction, requirement or recommendation of any legislative or executive state (municipal, interstate or international) body, ministry, department, service, agency or committee, or a self-regulatory organization or any judicial authority;

[TABLE] (vii) | a reference to the provision of legislation means a reference to such a provision with all amendments and additions made to it at any point in time;

[TABLE] (viii) | it is understood that the words “include” and “including” are accompanied by the words “including but not limited to”;

[TABLE] (ix) | Article, paragraph or Annex means a reference to an article or paragraph of this Agreement or Annex to it; and

[TABLE] (x) | the indication of the time of day means Moscow time, unless otherwise specifically indicated in the Agreement.

[TABLE] (b) | Unless otherwise follows from the context, a reference to a month means a period beginning on one of the days of the calendar month and ending on the same day of the next calendar month, except that:

[TABLE] (i) | if the relevant day is not a Business Day, such period ends on the next Business Day (if any) of that month or (if it is not) on the previous Business Day; and

[TABLE] (ii) | if there is no corresponding day in such month, then such period ends on the last Business Day of this month.

[TABLE] (c) | For the purposes of this Agreement, a control means:

[TABLE] (i) | the right (existing due to direct or indirect participation in the authorized capital of a legal entity, on the basis of a written agreement by virtue of legislation or otherwise), which allows:

[TABLE] (A) | to vote or control the voting of at least 50 percent of the maximum number of votes eligible to vote at a general meeting of a legal entity; or

[TABLE] (B) | to appoint or dismiss a person performing the functions of the sole executive body of any legal entity or all or most of the members of any of the collegial management bodies of the legal entity; or

[TABLE] (C) | to give binding instructions for the areas of activity or financial policy of a legal entity; and (or)

[TABLE] (ii) | direct or indirect ownership of at least 50 percent of ordinary shares or stakes in the authorized capital of a legal entity;

[TABLE] (d) | Unless otherwise provided by this Agreement, interest and remuneration amounts payable by the Debtor under any Financial Document shall be accrued according to the provisions of the relevant Financial Document and shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed and the year lasting three hundred sixty-five/three hundred sixty-six (365/366) days.

[TABLE] (e) | The headings in this Agreement do not affect its interpretation.

[TABLE] 2. | SUBJECT OF THE AGREEMENT

[TABLE] 2.1 | Credit relations

[TABLE] (a) | Subject to compliance by the Borrower with the provisions of this Agreement, each Creditor shall provide the Borrower with a Credit in the amount of its Credit Limit and, during the term of this Agreement, duly perform the obligations provided in this Agreement, and the Borrower shall, during the term of the Agreement, duly perform the obligations provided by the Agreement, including the obligation to return the amount of Outstanding Credit to each Creditor received from it, pay interest on it, and pay other amounts stipulated by the Agreement to the Financing Parties.

[TABLE] (b) | The Lender’s obligation to grant the Credit to the Borrower within its Credit Limit arises after the Borrower has fully complied with the requirements of Article 4 ((Requirements to the Borrower for obtaining a Loan).

[TABLE] (c) | Each Creditor shall have an individual right of claim to the Borrower for the return of the Outstanding Credit, interest and other payments provided for by the terms of this Agreement. Except as provided in the Agreement, each Financing Party shall have the right to independently require the enforcement of its rights under the Finance Documents.

[TABLE] (d) | Neither Financing Party shall be liable for the obligations of the other Financing Party on th+*e Financial Documents. In the event of failure of any Creditor to provide Tranche B of the grounds provided for in Article 6 ( (Termination of the Creditor’s obligation), as well as in case of violation by any Creditor of its obligation to provide the Tranche B within its Credit limit, the amount of Tranche B shall be reduced by the amount of the Credit Limit lending of such Creditor.

[TABLE] 2.2 | Agent relationships

[TABLE] (a) | Prior to the acquisition by any Creditor, other than the Original Creditor, the rights (claims) to the Borrower and (or) loan commitments, in accordance with the provisions of Article 22.2 ( (Assignment of rights and transfer of liabilities by Creditors) all provisions governing the relations of the Credit Agent and the Borrower will be treated as provisions governing the relationship of the Original Creditor and the Borrower.

[TABLE] (b) | This Agreement defines the conditions and procedure for the appointment of the Credit Agent and the performance of legal and other actions by it on behalf of and for the account of the Creditors. The authority of the person performing functions of the Credit Agent shall be determined in accordance with Article 23.2 (Credit Agent assignment bookmark137). The provisions governing the relationship of the Credit Agent and the Creditors will take effect from the date of purchase by any Creditor, other than the Original Creditor, the rights (claims) to the Borrower and (or) obligations to grant the Credit, in accordance with the provisions of Article 22.2 ( (Assignment of rights and transfer of liabilities by the Creditors).

[TABLE] 2.3 | Legal character of the Agreement

[TABLE] 2.4 | Rationality of the Parties

[TABLE] 3. | PURPOSE

[TABLE] (a) | The Borrower shall use Tranche A solely to make the partial payment under the Sale Agreement 2.

[TABLE] (b) | The Borrower shall use Tranche B solely to make the full payment under the Sale Agreement 2.

[TABLE] (c) | The Borrower shall use the Tranche B and Tranche D exclusively to grant the loan to Zemenik Trading with subsequent distribution of this amount to shareholders of Zemenik Trading.

[TABLE] 4. | REQUIREMENTS TO THE BORROWER FOR RECEIPT OF THE CREDIT

[TABLE] 4.1 | Initial requirements

[TABLE] (a) | For the utilization of the Tranche A, the Borrower shall:

[TABLE] (i) | to transfer to the Credit Agent the documents and information listed in Part 1 of the Annex 2 (Requirements for the Borrower to get the Credit), in form and with content suitable for the Credit agent, perform actions and fulfill the requirements listed in Part 1 of the Annex 2 (Requirements to the Borrower to get the Credit) in a form satisfactory for the Credit Agent; and

[TABLE] (ii) | to send a duly executed Application for the utilization to the Credit Agent.

[TABLE] (b) | For the utilization of the Tranche B, the Borrower shall:

[TABLE] (i) | to transfer to the Credit Agent the documents and information listed in the Part 3 of the Annex 2 (Requirements to the Borrower to get the Credit) in form and with content suitable for the Credit agent, perform actions and fulfill the requirements listed in Part 1 of the Annex 2 (Requirements to the Borrower to get the Credit) in a form satisfactory for the Credit Agent; (hereinafter — Initial requirements on the Tranche B); and

[TABLE] (ii) | to send a duly executed Application for the utilization to the Credit Agent.

[TABLE] (c) | For the utilization of the Tranche B, the Borrower shall:

[TABLE] (i) | to transfer to the Credit Agent the documents and information listed in the Part 4 of the Annex 2 (Requirements to the Borrower to get the Credit) in form and with content suitable for the Credit agent, perform actions and fulfill the requirements listed in Part 1 of the Annex 2 (Requirements to the Borrower to get the Credit) in a form satisfactory for the Credit Agent; (hereinafter — Initial Requirements on the Tranche B); and

[TABLE] (ii) | to send a duly executed Application for the utilization to the Credit Agent.

[TABLE] (d) | For the utilization of the Tranche D, the Borrower shall:

[TABLE] (i) | to transfer to the Credit Agent the documents and information listed in the Part 5 of the Annex 2 (Requirements to the Borrower to get the Credit) in form and with content suitable for the Credit agent, perform actions and fulfill the requirements listed in Part 1 of the Annex 2 (Requirements for the Borrower to get the Credit) in a form satisfactory for the Credit Agent; (hereinafter — Initial Requirements for the Tranche D); and

[TABLE] (ii) | to send a duly executed Application for the utilization to the Credit Agent.

[TABLE] 4.2 | Submission of Applications for the utilization

[TABLE] (a) | The Borrower may submit to the Credit agent only :

[TABLE] (i) | one duly issued Application for utilization for the full amount of the Tranche A;

[TABLE] (ii) | oneduly issued Application for utilization for the full amount of the Tranche B;

[TABLE] (iii) | one duly issued Application for utilization for the full amount of the Tranche B; and

[TABLE] (iv) | one duly issued Application for utilization for the full amount of the Tranche D.

[TABLE] (b) | Unless otherwise agreed with the Credit Agent, the Borrower shall submit each Application for the Utilization to the Credit Agent no later than 12.00am two (2) Business days prior to the expected Utilization Date.

[TABLE] (c) | Each Application for the utilization must be signed by the authorized person of the Borrower. Each Application for the utilization should indicate the requested Credit amount and the Utilization Date, which is the Business Day within the respective Credit Utilization Period.

[TABLE] (d) | The Borrower shall not have the right to withdraw the Application for the utilization that was received by the Credit Agent.

[TABLE] 5. | PROVISION OF THE CREDIT

[TABLE] (a) | Upon receipt of any Application for the utilization the Credit Agent must immediately send a copy to each Creditor the copy of the Application for the utilization and inform each Creditor of the amount corresponding to its Proportionate share in the requested Credit.

[TABLE] (b) | In the absence of the circumstances specified in Article 6 (Termination of the Creditor’s obligations) each Creditor must transfer to the Credit agent the amount corresponding to its Proportionate share in the Credit requested by the Borrower, not later than 12:00am of the Utilization Date specified in the corresponding Application.

[TABLE] (c) | Not later than 3:00am of the corresponding Utilization Date, the Credit agent must transfer to the Borrower’s account specified in the Application for the utilization, Credit amount specified in this Application for the Utilization, but no more than the amount of the Credit received from the Creditors.

[TABLE] 6. | TERMINATION OF THE CREDITOR’S OBLIGATIONS

[TABLE] (a) | The obligation of each Creditor to provide the Credit to the Borrower shall be terminated in whole or in part, depending on the circumstances:

[TABLE] (i) | in case of granting of the Credit in the size of the Credit Limit of the corresponding Creditor;

[TABLE] (ii) | at the end of the Utilization Period of the Tranche A, Utilization Period of the Tranche B or Utilization Period of the Tranche B and Utilization Period of the Tranche D; and

[TABLE] (iii) | in other cases stipulated by law.

[TABLE] (b) | Each Creditor shall have the right to refuse to perform the obligation to provide the Credit to the Borrower:

[TABLE] (i) | in the circumstances, which obviously suggests that the Credit will not be returned by the Borrower within the specified term of the Agreement; or

[TABLE] (ii) | upon the onset of event of Default in accordance with Article 21.18 (Early demand) and sending by the Credit Agent the relevant notification to the Borrower; or

[TABLE] (iii) | in the circumstances specified in Article 8.1 (Illegality) and Article 8.2 (Change of control).

[TABLE] 7. | REPAYMENT OF THE CREDIT

[TABLE] 8. | EARLY REPAYMENT AND WAIVER OF THE CREDIT

[TABLE] 8.1 | Illegality

[TABLE] (a) | such the Creditor must notify the Credit Agent and the Borrower, as soon as it becomes aware of it;

[TABLE] (b) | any unfulfilled obligation of that Creditor to grant the Credit shall be terminated at the date of notification specified in paragraph (a) above; and (or)

[TABLE] (c) | The Borrower shall repay the amount corresponding to the Proportionate share of such Creditor in the Credit on the last day of the Interest Period, in which the Creditor was aware of the illegality of the participation in the Credit or (if this term comes earlier) at the date specified by the Creditor in the notice sent to the Credit Agent and the Borrower, which can not be earlier than the date established by law.

[TABLE] 8.2 | Change of control

[TABLE] (a) | In the event of the change of control:

[TABLE] (i) | The Borrower shall notify the Credit Agent immediately after it becomes aware of it; and

[TABLE] (ii) | if so requested by the Majority of Creditors, the Credit Agent shall send to the Borrower a notice and demand immediate repayment of the full amount of the Outstanding Credit with all accrued interests and other amounts payable by the Borrower, and the Borrower shall repay the amount of the Outstanding Credit in full in accordance with the requirements specified in the notice of the Credit Agent.

[TABLE] (b) | For the purposes of item (a) above and iterm 8.4 (Comission for the earlier repayment of the Outstanding Credit), “Change of Control” means (except for the changes approved in accordance with the Financial documents, including as a result of a Permitted Payment or Permitted Reorganization):

[TABLE] (i) | that Beneficiaries have lost the right they had by virtue of their joint direct or indirect participation in the share capital of any Group member on the basis of a written agreement by virtue of law or otherwise:

[TABLE] (A) | to exercise the right to vote (or to control the exercising of the right to vote) based on the share in the authorized capital of any Group member specified in the Group structure scheme; or

[TABLE] (B) | to appoint or dismiss the person performing functions of the sole executive body of any Group member or majority of members of any of the governance body of any Group member; or

[TABLE] (C) | to give binding instructions in respect of the activities or financial policy of any Group member; or

[TABLE] (ii) | that the Beneficiaries no longer together, directly or indirectly own shares in the share capital of any Group member that is specified in the Group Structure Scheme.

[TABLE] (i) | Elbrus Capital Fund II, L.P. (registration number 63023, registered address: 190 Elgin Avenue, KY1- 9005 George Town, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands) and

[TABLE] (ii) | Elbrus Capital Fund II B, L.P. (registration number 68103, registered address: 190 Elgin Avenue, KY1- 9005 George Town, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands) and

[TABLE] (iii) | Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (registration number 2923466, registered address: 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19801, United States of America.

[TABLE] 8.3 | Voluntary early repayment of the Outstanding Credit

[TABLE] (a) | The Borrower shall be entitled, subject to the sending to the Credit Agent the prior notice not less than ten (10) Business days (unless a shorter period has been agreed with the Majority of Creditors) to make the early repayment of all the Outstanding Credit or any part thereof. The amount of the Outstanding Credit, returned early shall be at least fifty million (50,000,000) rubles.

[TABLE] (b) | The earlier partial repayment of the Outstanding credit proportionally reduces the size of the Borrower’s obligation to repay the Outstanding Credit before each Creditor.

[TABLE] (c) | This earlier payment will be used for repayment of the Outstanding Credit, payment deadlines on which onset according to calendar order.

[TABLE] (d) | Within thirty (30) days after the demand of the Credit Agent to the Borrower in accordance with Article 13.1 13.1 (Additional Costs), the Borrower shall be entitled, subject to the sending to the Credit Agent the prior notice not less than five (5) Business days (unless a shorter period was not It agreed with the Majority of Creditors) to make the early repayment of the full amount of the Outstanding Credit. In this case, the fee for early repayment of the Outstanding Credit in accordance with Article 8.4 (The Commission for early repayment of the Outstanding Credit) shall not be charged.

[TABLE] (e) | The Borrower can use the right of early repayment of the Outstanding Credit or part thereof only after the expiration of the Utilization Period of the Tranche A.

[TABLE] 8.4 | Commission for early repayment of the Outstanding Credit

[TABLE] (a) | In the event of early repayment of the Outstanding Credit or part thereof, the Borrower shall pay to the Credit Agent for the subsequent distribution among the Creditors in proportion to their Proportionate share the commission for early repayment of the Outstanding Credit (hereinafter “the Commission for Early Repayment”), the size of which shall be determined in accordance with items (b) and (c) below.

[TABLE] (b) | If at the time of the corresponding repayment of the Outstanding Credit (or part thereof), the Liquidity Event did not onset, the size of the Commission for Early Repayment is:

[TABLE] (i) | two point five (2.5) percent of the amount of early repayment of the Outstanding Credit; and in the case of early repayment during a period

[TABLE] beginning on the date of the Amendment Agreement No.3 and ending on the date falling 18 months from the date of the Amendment Agreement No.3 (including such date);

[TABLE] (ii) | two (2.0) percent of the amount of early repayment of the Outstanding Credit; in the case of early repayment during a period beginning on the date falling 18 months from the date of the Amendment Agreement No.3 (excluding such date) and ending on the date onset in 24 months from the date of the Amendment Agreement No.3 (including such date);

[TABLE] (iii) | one point five (1.5) percent of the amount of early repayment of the Outstanding Credit; in the case of early repayment during a period beginning on the date falling 24 months from the date of the Amendment Agreement No.3 (excluding such date), and ending on the date falling 36 months from the date of the Amendments Agreement No.3 (including such date); and

[TABLE] (iv) | one (1.0) percent of the amount of early repayment of the Outstanding Credit; in the case of early repayment during a period beginning on the date falling 36 months from the date of the Amendment Agreement No.3 (excluding such date) and ending on the date onset after 48 months from the date of the Amendment Agreement No.3 (including such date).

[TABLE] (c) | In case of onset of the Liquidity event during the period beginning on the date of the Amendment Agreement No.3 and ending on the date falling 18 months from the date of the Amendment Agreement No.3 (including such date), the Commission for early repayment shall make up one point five (1.5) percent of the amount of early repayment of the Outstanding Credit.

[TABLE] (d) | In the case of early return of the Outstanding Credit (or part thereof):

[TABLE] (i) | in case of the onset of the Liquidity event - at the end of eighteen (18) months; or

[TABLE] (ii) | in other cases - at the end of forty-eight (48) months

[TABLE] (e) | For the purposes of this clause 8.4 (the Commission for early repayment of the Outstanding Credit bookmark49), “the Liquidity event” means:

[TABLE] (i) | initial public offering of the shares of the Group’s company with their inclusion into the quotation list of auction organizer; or

[TABLE] (ii) | Change of Control,

[TABLE] (A) | the services of the global coordinator and organizer (bookrunner) in relation to the Liquidity event referred to in item (i) above; and

[TABLE] (B) | consulting or provision of other services for the purposes of the Liquidity Event referred to in paragraph (ii) above.

[TABLE] 8.5 | Other provisions

[TABLE] (a) | The Borrower shall have the right to withdraw its notices of early repayment of the Outstanding Credit or part thereof. Such notice shall contain a reference to the relevant repayment date and the size of the early repaid amount of the Outstanding Credit.

[TABLE] (b) | If the Credit Agent receives any notification under this Article 8 (Early repayment and cancellation of the Credit), it shall, within the same Business Day, send a copy of

[TABLE] the notification to the Party, to which this notice is addressed. The Credit Agent shall, within not more than one Business day from the date of receipt of the corresponding notification to notify all the Creditors of any such notification received.

[TABLE] (c) | At any early repayment of the Outstanding Credit, the Borrower shall return the Outstanding Credit together with the full amount of interest and other amounts due from the Borrower.

[TABLE] (d) | The Borrower shall not have the right to perform the early repayment of the Outstanding Credit or any part of it or refuse to receive the Credit or part of it on conditions not expressly provided in this Agreement.

[TABLE] (e) | The Borrower shall not be entitled to submit the Application for the utilisation in relation to the amount of the Credit, from the reception of which the Borrower refused, as well as in respect of the amount of the Outstanding Credit early repaid by the Borrower.

[TABLE] 9. | INTEREST

[TABLE] 9.1 | Interest calculation

[TABLE] (a) | margin; and

[TABLE] (b) | Key rate.

[TABLE] 9.2 | Revision of the margin

[TABLE] (a) | Upon the onset of any of circumstances specified in this paragraph (a), the size of the Margin by a decision of the Majority of the Creditors shall be increased by two point five (2.5) percent per annum since the first day of the Interest period following the respective Calculation Date (of which, the Credit Agent shall notify the Borrower in writing), if the Indicator of the Debt burden is more than:

[TABLE] (i) | 3.75:1 in any settlement date for the period beginning January 1, 2017 (inclusive) and ending on December 31, 2017 (inclusive); or

[TABLE] (ii) | 3.5:1 in any settlement date for the period beginning January 1, 2018 (inclusive) and ending on December 31, 2018 (inclusive); or

[TABLE] (iii) | 3.0:1 in any settlement date for the period beginning January 1, 2019 (inclusive) and ending on December 31, 2019 (inclusive); or

[TABLE] (iv) | 3.5: 1 in any settlement date for the period beginning January 1, 2020 (inclusive) and ending on the date of the final repayment of Tranche B and Tranche D.

[TABLE] (b) | (provided that the Credit Agent will confirm that the Indicator of debt burden is less than the corresponding value indicated below), the effect of paragraph (a) of this Article will continue until the first day of the Interest Period following the Calculation Date, in which the Indicator of debt burden will be less than:

[TABLE] (i) | 3.75:1 in any settlement date for the period beginning January 1, 2017 (inclusive) and ending on December 31, 2017 (inclusive); or

[TABLE] (ii) | 3.5:1 in any settlement date for the period beginning January 1, 2018 (inclusive) and ending on December 31, 2018 (inclusive); or

[TABLE] (iii) | 3.0:1 in any settlement date for the period beginning January 1, 2019 (inclusive) and ending on December 31, 2019 (inclusive); or

[TABLE] (iv) | 3.5: 1 in any settlement date for the period beginning January 1, 2020 (inclusive) and ending on the date of the final repayment of Tranche B and Tranche D.

[TABLE] 9.3 | Payment of interest

[TABLE] 9.4 | Penalty

[TABLE] (a) | If the Borrower fails to fulfil its obligation, within the prescribed period, to pay any amount to be paid by it under the Fnancial Document, that the penalty shall be accrured on such overdue amount from the date following the date of the due date of payment until the date of actual payment (both before and after the issuance of the relevant judgment).

[TABLE] (b) | This penalty shall be charged at a rate of 2/365 of the interest rate determined in accordance with Article 9.1 ( (Calculation of interest) subject to the provisions of Article 9.2 ((Revision of the margin) of the overdue amount of on the Outstanding Credit for each day of delay.

[TABLE] (c) | The penalty accrued pursuant to this Article 9.4, shall be paid by the Borrower immediately at the request of the Loan Agent.

[TABLE] (d) | The Parties agree that the payment of the penalty by the Borrower provided for in this Article 9.4,, in any way limits the rights of the Creditors to use any other remedies, including the right

[TABLE] to require the Borrower to reimburse damages and expenses caused by the delay of the Borrower, to the extent not covered by the penalty.

[TABLE] (e) | For avoidance of doubt, the Parties confirm that the penalty provided for in this Article shall be paid by the Debtor over and above the interest provided for in Article 9.1 ((Calculation of interest) subject to the provisions of Article 9.2 ( (Revision Margin size).

[TABLE] 9.5 | Notice of the key rate

[TABLE] (a) | Subject to paragraph (d) below, the Key rate effective in each day of Interest Period shall be used when calculating the amount of accrued interest.

[TABLE] (b) | The Credit Agent shall notify each Party of Key rates in effect at the respective Utilization Date in each Utilization Date.

[TABLE] (c) | In case of change in the Key rate after any Utilization date, the new Key rate begins to be applied for the purposes of determination of the interest rate in accordance with Article 9.1 (Calculation of Interest), starting from the date of entry into force of the amended value of the Key rate, of which the Credit Agent shall notify the Parties no later than the Business Day following the date of entry into force of the amended value of the Key rate.

[TABLE] (d) | Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph (c) above, if the date of entry into force of the amended value of the Key rate falls on the last day of each Interest Period, the corresponding changed Key rate begins to be applied for the purposes of determination of the interest rate in accordance with Article 9.1 (Calculation of Interest), starting from the first day of the next Interest Period.

[TABLE] 10. | INTEREST PERIOD

[TABLE] (a) | The first Interest period relating to Tranche A, begins on the day following the Utilization Date of the Tranche A and ends at the Interest payment date following the Utilization Date of the Tranche A. If such Iterest payment date comes earlier than ten (10) days after the Utilization date of the Tranche, the first Interest period relating to the Tranche A finishes at the second Interest payment date following the Utilization date of the Tranche A. Each subsequent Interest Period It shall begin on the day following the last day of the preceding Interest Period, and ends immediately on the Interest payment date following such a day.

[TABLE] (b) | The first Interest Period relating to Tranche B, shall begin on the day following the Utilization date of the Tranche B, and shall end on the Interest payment date following the Utilization date of the Tranche B. If such Interest payment date comes earlier than ten (10) days after the Utilization date of the Tranche B, first Interest period relating to Tranche B shall end on the second Interest payment date, following the Utilization date of the Tranche B.

[TABLE] (c) | Starting from the Interest period coming immediately after the first Interest period relating to Tranche B:

[TABLE] (i) | The Outstanding Credit relating to the Tranche A and Outstanding Credit relating to the Tranche B for purposes of determination of the Interest Period shall be combined into the single Outstanding Credit (hereinafter - the Outstanding Credit A and B);

[TABLE] (ii) | The Interest Periods related to the Outstanding Credits A and B shall be determined in accordance with paragraph (a) of this Article 10; ; and

[TABLE] (iii) | the last Interest Period relating to the Outstanding Credits A and B shall be ended on the date of the final repayment of the Tranche A and Tranche B.

[TABLE] (d) | The first Interest Period relating to Tranche B shall begin on the day following the date of the Utilization of the Tranche B, and shall end on the Interest payment date following the Utilization date of the Tranche B. If such Interest payment date comes earlier than ten (10) days after the Utilization date of the Tranche B, the first Interest period relating to Tranche B shall be finished on the second Interest payment date following the Utilization Date of the Tranche B. Each subsequent Interest Period shall begin on the day following the last day of the preceding Interest Period, and shall be ended on the Interest payment date immediately following such a day.

[TABLE] (e) | The first Interest Period relating to Tranche D shall begin on the day following the date of the Utilization of the Tranche D, and shall end on the Interest payment date following the Utilization date of the Tranche D. If such Interest payment date comes earlier than ten (10) days after the Utilization date of the Tranche D, first Interest period relating to Tranche D shall end on the second Interest payment date, following the Utilization date of the Tranche D.

[TABLE] (f) | Starting from the Interest period coming immediately after the first Interest period relating to Tranche D:

[TABLE] (i) | The Outstanding Credit relating to the Tranche A and Outstanding Credit relating to the Tranche B for purposes of determination of the Interest Period shall be combined into the single Outstanding Credit (hereinafter - the Outstanding Credit A and B); and

[TABLE] (ii) | The Interest Periods related to the Outstanding Credits A, B, and C shall be determined in accordance with paragraph (a) of this Article 10; ; and

[TABLE] (iii) | the last Interest Period relating to the Outstanding Credits A, B and C shall be ended on the date of the final repayment of the Tranche A and Tranche D.

[TABLE] (g) | Starting from the Interest period coming immediately after the first Interest period relating to Tranche D:

[TABLE] (i) | The Outstanding Credit relating to the Tranche A, Outstanding Credit relating to the Tranche B, Outstanding Credit relating to the Tranche C, and Outstanding Credit relating to the Tranche D for purposes of determination of the Interest Period shall be combined into the single Outstanding Credit (hereinafter - the Outstanding Credit A, B, C and D);

[TABLE] (ii) | The Interest Periods related to the Outstanding Credits A, B, C, and D shall be determined in accordance with paragraph (a) of this Article 10; ; and

[TABLE] (iii) | the last Interest Period relating to outstanding loans A, B, C and D, ending on the date of the final repayment of Tranche B and Tranche D.

[TABLE] 11. | REMUNERATION OF THE PARTIES TO FINANCING

[TABLE] 11.1 | Commission fee for obligation under the Agreement

[TABLE] (a) | The Borrower undertakes to pay the commission fee to the Credit Agent (in favor of Creditors) for the obligation to render the Credit which amount is to be calculated as follows:

[TABLE] (i) | at the rate of 0.15 (nought point one five) of the annual interest rate out of the amount of Unused Limit of Crediting within the limits of the Tranche A (without deduction of the Amount subject to be rendered);

[TABLE] (ii) | at the rate of 0.5 (nought point five) of the annual interest rate out of the amount of Unused Limit of Crediting within the limits of the Tranche B (without deduction of the Amount subject to be rendered);

[TABLE] (b) | The above-mentioned commission fee is charged and paid as follows:

[TABLE] (i) | In respect of the Unused Limit of Crediting within the limits of the Tranche A – to be charged for the Tranche A Disbursement Period and paid on the last day of the Tranche A Disbursement Period or at the Date of Tranche A Disbursement, whichever shall be the earlier of the two;

[TABLE] (ii) | in respect of the Unused Limit of Crediting within the limits of the Tranche B - to be charged for the Tranche B Disbursement Period and shall be paid (i) at each Date of the Interest Payment during the Tranche B Disbursement Period and (ii) at the last day of the Tranche B Disbursement Period or at the Date of Tranche B Disbursement, whichever shall be the earlier of the two.

[TABLE] (c) | The Commission fee for the obligation for rendering of the Credit in respect of the Unused Limit of Crediting within the limits of the Tranche V and Tranche G shall not be charged.

[TABLE] 11.2 | Commission fee for Credit accommodation

[TABLE] (a) | 1.5 (one point five) percent out of the amount of the Tranche A;

[TABLE] (b) | 1.5 (one point five) percent out of the amount of the Tranche B;

[TABLE] (c) | 0.25 (nought point two five) percent out of the amount of the Tranche V; and

[TABLE] (d) | 0.25 (nought point two five) percent out of the amount of the Tranche G on or prior to the Disbursement Date relating to any corresponding Tranche.

[TABLE] 12. | TAXES

[TABLE] 12.1 | Reimbursement for Tax Deduction

[TABLE] (a) | Immediately after the Debtor or the Creditor become aware of the fact that this or that Debtor is obliged to effect the Tax Deduction (or of introduction of alterations of the rate or base of the Tax Deduction), the Debtor or the Creditor (as the situation requires) is obliged to notify the Credit Agent. If the Credit Agent receives such notification from the Creditor, he should notify the corresponding Debtor in this respect.

[TABLE] (b) | If the Debtor is obliged according to the legislation to effect the Tax Deduction in respect of any amount subject to be transferred to the Party of Financing under the Financial Documents, the amount paid by the Debtor to the Party of Financing, should be increased so that after the completed Tax Deduction the corresponding Party of Financing would receive the amount which would be received by him if such deduction in the form of the Tax Deduction was not required. However the Debtor is not obliged to increase the amounts to be paid to the Financing Parties up to a figure of the Additional Tax Payment if any Party of Financing has ceased to be the Acceptable Creditor by the date of any corresponding payment for any reason which has been not related to changes in the legislation.

[TABLE] (c) | The Debtor is obliged to submit the proof to the Credit Agent, acceptable for Party of Financing, within 30 (thirty) days after the Tax Deduction acknowledging the withheld Tax Deduction amount transfer to the state budget by the Debtor in accordance with the applicable legislation requirements, for onward transmission of such proof to the corresponding Party of Financing.

[TABLE] 12.2 | Reimbursement with reference of payment of Taxes

[TABLE] (a) | The Debtor shall reimburse the Party of Financing which is not the Russian juridical person with either the amount equivalent to the amount of the Tax paid by the Financing Party or amount of the Tax subject to be paid in judgment of this Party of Financing by virtue of any Financial Document within 3 (three) Working Days after presentation of the corresponding request by the Credit Agent.

[TABLE] (b) | Provisions of section (a) above are not applied:

[TABLE] (i) | in respect of the Taxes to be paid by the Party of Financing:

[TABLE] (A) | by virtue of the Russian Federation Laws; or

[TABLE] (B) | in conformity with the Laws of jurisdiction where the credit division of such Party of the Financing is located that is related to the amounts to be received or receivable in such jurisdiction,

[TABLE] if such Tax is levied or charged proceeding from net profit received or receivable by such Party of Financing; or

[TABLE] (ii) | to the extent that expenditures due to payment of Taxes are compensated in of the way of increase in the amount of payment according to the Article 12.1 (Reimbursement for the Tax Deduction).

[TABLE] (c) | The Party of Financing which shows or intends to put forward a claim according to section (a) above, is obliged to notify immediately the Credit Agent in respect of the event which is meant to be or became the ground for making of such claim and then the Credit Agent should notify the Borrower in this respect.

[TABLE] 12.3 | Tax indemnity

[TABLE] (a) | Tax indemnity can be applied to the additional payment that includes such Tax Payment, to such Tax Payment or to the Tax Deduction owing to which such Tax Payment was required; and

[TABLE] 12.4 | Charges and duties

[TABLE] 12.5 | Value-added tax (VAT) and other taxes

[TABLE] 13.1 | Additional expenditures

[TABLE] (a) | Taking into account Article 13.3 (Exception) the Borrower undertakes to pay the amount of the Additional Expenditures to the corresponding Party of Financing within 3 (three) Working Days after expiration of 30 (thirty) days period upon presentation of the corresponding demand by the Credit Agent incurred by such Party of Financing within the period after the expiry of such 30-days period in result of enactment of any Law, introduction of alterations to the legislation (or into the practice in its construction or application) after the present Agreement date or assigning by the relevant jurisdiction central bank or other competent authority of obligation in respect of application or observance by the Parties of Financing of the norms and requirements stipulated in Basel III.

[TABLE] (a) | In the present Article the term “Additional Expenditures” means as follows:

[TABLE] (c) | For the sake of clarity, the Additional Expenditures stipulated in the present Article are to be paid by the Borrower as fee related to use of the Credit in addition to the Interest rate.

[TABLE] 13.2 | Requests for payment of Additional Expenditures

[TABLE] 13.3 | Exceptions

[TABLE] (a) | are to be reimbursed to the Financing Party according to another Article of the Agreement or would be reimbursed in case of absence of exceptions from such Article;

[TABLE] (b) | are incurred due to deliberate disregard of the legislation by the Financing Party; or

[TABLE] (c) | are incurred due to application or observance of the normative standards established in Basel II (as in effect at the date of the present Agreement) or in normative acts of the Central bank of the Russian Federation or in any other legislation based on which provisions of Basel II are implemented except for the changes subsequent upon Basel III.

[TABLE] 14.1 | Reimbursement of currency expenditures

[TABLE] 14.2 | Reimbursement of the other expenditures

[TABLE] (a) | either in result of Event of Failure to Perform; or

[TABLE] (b) | (if such expenditures have been incurred neither through fault nor by negligence of the Party of Financing, except for the circumstances out of the control of the Party of Financing (not including international sanctions introduction)) in result of:

[TABLE] 14.3 | Remuneration of the Credit Agent

[TABLE] (a) | investigation of any event which the Credit Agent may reasonably consider as Failure to Perform Obligations; or

[TABLE] (b) | any actions on the basis of any notification or order by any Party of Financing according to the present Agreement which the Credit Agent may reasonably consider as subject to execution.

[TABLE] (c) | At that, such expenditures are subject to be agreed upon by the Borrower in advance except for the Cases of the Failure to Perform.

[TABLE] 14.4 | Expenditures with reference of the transaction

[TABLE] (a) | The Borrower undertakes to pay the documentarily confirmed and in advance agreed upon with the Borrower in written form or by e-mail amount of all expenditures incurred with reference of preparation and signing of the present Agreement and other Financial Documents to the Credit Agent and the Organizer (including fees of legal advisers) within 10 (ten) Working Days upon receipt of the corresponding request.

[TABLE] (b) | The obligation of the Borrower in respect of payment of fees of legal advisers will be considered performed if the participant of the Group pays the corresponding fees prior to the first Date of Disbursement (in the amount, agreed in advance by the Credit Agent, Zemenik Trading and Orrick (CIS) LLC) in written form or by e-mail) directly to Orrick (CIS) LLC.

[TABLE] (c) | The Borrower undertakes to incur to the fullest extent all expenditures related to registration of the Security Agreements according to requirements of the applicable legislation.

[TABLE] 14.5 | Expenditures for amendment

[TABLE] 14.6 | Expenditures for compulsory execution

[TABLE] 16.1 | Warranties and Representations

[TABLE] 16.2 | The Status

[TABLE] (a) | The Borrower and each Affiliated Company of the Borrower is the juridical person founded as per the stipulated procedure and legally acting in compliance with the applicable legislation.

[TABLE] (b) | The Borrower and each Affiliated Company of the Borrower is the rightful owner of the property belonging to him and carries out its activities in compliance with the applicable legislation.

[TABLE] 16.3 | Legal capacity and authorities

[TABLE] 16.4 | Validity

[TABLE] (a) | Except for registration of the Financial Documents as recorded in the Article 16.9 (Requirements in respect of the registration) each Financial Document a party of which the Borrower and each Affiliated Company of the Borrower are, represents the obligation corresponding to the applicable legislation, effective and being of binding legal force for him which may be performed in an enforcement procedure.

[TABLE] (b) | Each Financial Document a party of which the corresponding Debtor is has been executed in due form providing a capability of its compulsory execution in the Russian Federation.

[TABLE] 16.5 | Non-contravention

[TABLE] (a) | any applicable legislation;

[TABLE] (b) | the Borrower’s constituent and other internal documents;

[TABLE] (c) | any decisions of the Borrower’s governing board; and

[TABLE] (d) | any other documents or agreements of binding character for the Borrower.

[TABLE] 16.6 | The Compliance with Law

[TABLE] 16.7 | Absence of Failure to Perform Obligations

[TABLE] (a) | Failure to Perform Obligations in consequence of either conclusion or execution of any Financial Documents or the transactions stipulated in them by the Borrower and each Affiliated Company of the Borrower is absent and shall not occur; and

[TABLE] (b) | There are no other events or the circumstances representing a failure to perform obligations under any document of binding character for the Borrower and each Affiliated Company of the Borrower or limiting use of their assets and either renders or may reasonably render the Essential Adverse Effect.

[TABLE] 16.8 | Authorization

[TABLE] 16.9 | Requirements in respect of registration

[TABLE] (a) | notarial certification of the Share Pledge Agreement and making corresponding entry into the Unified State Register of Juridical Persons of the Russian Federation;

[TABLE] (b) | Registration of corresponding Security Agreements in compliance with the Republic Cyprus legislation in the register of companies (Register of Companies);

[TABLE] (c) | Registration of corresponding Security Agreements in compliance with the legislation of the British Virgin Islands in the register of corporate affairs (Register of Corporate Affairs).

[TABLE] 16.10 | Financial Accountability

[TABLE] (a) | The most recent financial statements of the Group (and each participant of the Group) submitted to the Credit Agent:

[TABLE] (b) | no events occur which could render the Essential Adverse Effect as from the date of the financial statements indicated in section (a) above.

[TABLE] 16.11 | Legal proceedings

[TABLE] 16.12 | Information

[TABLE] (a) | The factual information that is, in the Credit Agent’s judgment, of substantial significance, presented by any Debtor to the Financing Parties with reference of the Financial Documents, a party of which they are, is authentic and exact as at the date of its presentation or (as the situation requires) as at the date (if any) which is indicated as date of its presentation.

[TABLE] (b) | Any Debtor has not committed non-disclosure of the information which, in case of its disclosure, would lead to the situation where any other information indicated in section (a) above, would become unreliable or misleading information with regard to the part thereof that is, in the Credit Agent’s judgment, essential.

[TABLE] (c) | As at the date of the present Agreement and by the first Date of Disbursement after the date of presentation of the information determined in section (a) above, no circumstances occur that, in case of their disclosure, would lead to the situation that the presented information would become unreliable or misleading with regard to the part thereof that is, in the Credit Agent’s judgment, essential.

[TABLE] 16.13 | Security priority

[TABLE] 16.14 | Loans granted

[TABLE] 16.15 | Charges and duties

[TABLE] (a) | Payment for notarization with regard to the Security Agreements; and

[TABLE] (b) | Charges and duties for registration of Security Agreements, including payments of the stamp duty in respect of the present Agreement and other corresponding Agreements on Security in Cyprus and British Virgin Islands.

[TABLE] 16.16 | Regulated procurements

[TABLE] 16.17 | Chart of the Group Structure

[TABLE] 16.18. | Warranties and Representations submission period

[TABLE] (a) | Representations in respect of the circumstances stated in the present Article 16 are submitted by the Borrower as at the date of the present Agreement.

[TABLE] (b) | Except for the cases when any Warranties and Representations should be submitted as at the certain date, all Warranties and Representations are considered submitted by the Borrower repeatedly as at date of each Request for Disbursement, each Date of Disbursement and in the first day of each Interest Period.

[TABLE] (c) | In case of repeated submission of particular Warranties and Representations, such Warranties and Representations should apply to the actual circumstances existing at the time of their repeated submission.

[TABLE] 17.1 | Financial accountability

[TABLE] (a) | of the consolidated financial statements of the Group for a fiscal year confirmed with the Auditors, prepared in compliance with International Financial Reporting Standards progressively as drawing up, but anyway within 120 (one hundred twenty) days as from an expiry date of each such fiscal year;

[TABLE] (b) | of the consolidated financial statements of the Group for each financial half-year viewed by the Auditors, prepared in compliance with International Financial Reporting Standards progressively as drawing up, but anyway within 90 (ninety) days as from an expiry date of each such fiscal half-year;

[TABLE] (c) | progressively as drawing up, but anyway within 60 (sixty) days as from an expiry date of each quarter of corresponding fiscal year of the administrative reporting of the Group for such quarter of corresponding fiscal year (including the report on financial results, balance and the report on movement of funds), prepared in compliance with the Group’s registration policy of administrative accounting; and

[TABLE] (d) | progressively as drawing up, but anyway within 40 (forty) days as from an expiry date of each quarter of corresponding fiscal year of the financial accounting (including the profits and losses report, balance and the report on movement of funds) of the Borrower and Headhunter for such quarter of the corresponding fiscal year, prepared in compliance with Russian Accounting Standards.

[TABLE] 17.2 | Confirmation of observance of financial indicators

[TABLE] (a) | The Borrower undertakes to submit an acknowledgement to the Credit Agent in respect of observance of financial indicators with the calculation proving observance of such financial indicators by the Borrower on the basis of such financial statements, contained in the Article 18 (Obligations in respect of observance of financial indicators) as of the date of such financial statements drawing up with each complete set of the consolidated financial statements confirmed and reviewed by the Auditors to be submitted in compliance with sections (a) or (b) of Article 17.1 (the Financial statements).

[TABLE] (b) | Confirmation about observance of financial indicators on the basis of the reporting prepared in compliance with International Financial Reporting Standards, should be drawn up as per the form provided in the Annex 5 Part 1 (Form of confirmation of observance of financial indicators on the basis of International Financial Reporting Standards) signed by the authorized person of the Borrower and should be accompanied with the Borrower’s auditors’ report as per the form agreed upon by the Borrower, Credit Agent and Auditors of the Borrower; at that the Parties agree in respect of the confirmation of observance of financial indicators as at June 30, 2016 that calculation of indicators for the second half of the year 2015 will be conducted on the basis of the administrative reporting of the Group which have been checked up by auditors on the basis of registers of accounting of the company, and for the first half of the year 2016 the calculation of indicators will be conducted on the basis of the reporting prepared in compliance with the International Financial Reporting Standards.

[TABLE] (c) | Confirmation about observance of financial indicators on the basis of the administrative reporting or reporting prepared in compliance with Russian Accounting Standards, should be drawn up as per the form provided in the Annex 5 Part 2 (Form of confirmation of observance of financial indicators on the basis of administrative reporting and Russian Accounting Standards) and signed by the authorized person of the Borrower.

[TABLE] 17.3 | Requirements shown to the financial statements

[TABLE] (a) | description of changes necessary to be for introduced into the corresponding financial statements to display changes introduced into the accounting principles and reporting periods used when drawing up the Initial Financial statements of the Group or such Debtor; and

[TABLE] (b) | information meeting the Credit Agent’s requirements in respect of form and substance and sufficient for the Creditors to assure themselves of observance by the Borrower of requirements of Article 18 (Obligations in respect of observance of financial indicators) and adequately estimate a financial condition of the Debtor in compliance with the current financial statements in comparison with the Initial Financial statements of such Debtor.

[TABLE] 17.4 | Information: miscellaneous

[TABLE] (a) | simultaneously with dispatch to the addressees - copies of all documents to be forwarded to all of the creditors or to all participants with reference of circumstances of Essential Adverse Effect;

[TABLE] (b) | immediately after having become aware but not later than within 5 (five) Working Days as from the date when he became aware of this fact - detailed data about any judicial, arbitration, referee or administrative proceedings including investigatory actions in which result a decision is taken or there is a high degree of probability of making of a decision in result of which expenditures of the Group exceed 2.5 (two naught five) percent of the EBITDA Consolidated indicator;

[TABLE] (c) | immediately after having become aware but not later than within 5 (five) Working Days after becoming effective of any changes in the Group Structure in comparison with Chart of Structure of the Group contained in the Annex 9 (Chart of the Group Structure), or if the renovated Chart of the Group Structure was submitted to the Credit Agent after the present Agreement date, in comparison with such renovated Chart of the Group Structure - the actual Chart of the Group Structure;

[TABLE] (d) | (without limitation of effects of section (e) of Article 25.2 (Addresses) immediately after having become aware but not later than within 20 (twenty) Working Days as from the date when he became aware of this fact or as from the date of the state registration (if any), whichever event shall be the later of the two – in respect of the change of location or mailing address of the Borrower or any other Debtor; and

[TABLE] (e) | immediately upon his demand, but not later than within 5 (five) days as from the date of such demand - such additional information in respect of the financial situation and economic activities of any participant of the Group which the Credit Agent may demand in the interests of any Party of Financing.

[TABLE] 17.5 | Auditors

[TABLE] 17.6 | Chart of the Group Structure

[TABLE] 17.7 | Notification of Failure to Perform Obligations

[TABLE] (a) | The Borrower undertakes to notify the Credit Agent in respect of any Failure to Perform Obligations (and correction measures in respect of such Failure to perform of Obligations, if any) immediately after having become aware of this fact.

[TABLE] (b) | the Borrower undertakes to submit the statement to the Credit Agent on demand of the Credit Agent signed by the sole executive board or authorized representative of the Borrower, certifying that Failure to Perform Obligations has been corrected or if Failure to Perform Obligations proceeds - statement describing in detail the measures taken for its correction.

[TABLE] 17.8 | Check of “the client data”

[TABLE] (a) | If as a result of:

[TABLE] (i) | any changes in any applicable legislation after the present Agreement date;

[TABLE] (ii) | changes of the organizational and legal form of the Borrower or structure of its shareholders or participants (possessing more than two percent of accordingly voting shares or shares of participation after the date of the present Agreement); or

[TABLE] (iii) | assignment or transfer by any Creditor of the entire or part of the rights and obligations under the present Agreement to the party which was not the Creditor prior to such assignment or transfer, or replacement of any other Party of Financing in compliance with the present Agreement, or other change in the Agreement Parties,

[TABLE] (b) | Each Party of Financing shall submit the information and the documents to the Credit Agent required for the purpose that the Credit Agent could fulfill requirements applicable to him in respect of check of “the client data”.

[TABLE] 17.9 | Targeted use of funds

[TABLE] 18.1 | Interpretation

[TABLE] (a) | Except otherwise provided in the present Agreement, the accounting terms used in the present Article 18 are subject to interpretation in compliance with International Financial Reporting Standards.

[TABLE] (b) | With a view of the present Article 18, any amount expressed not in Rubles is counted in a ruble equivalent calculated based on the exchange rates used by the Borrower in his financial statements for the corresponding reporting period on which base calculation of financial indicators is executed.

[TABLE] (c) | Any indicator cannot be counted for the calculations in compliance with the present Article 18 more than once.

[TABLE] (d) | Except otherwise provided in the present Agreement, the indicators specified in the present Article 18 shall be checked in respect of each Settlement Period at the corresponding Settlement Date on the following basis:

[TABLE] 18.2 | Debt Load Indicator

[TABLE] Settlement Date | Value of the Debt Load Indicator | Value of the Debt Load Indicator

[TABLE] June 30, 2017 | 4.0:1

[TABLE] December 31, 2017 | 4.0:1

[TABLE] June 30, 2018 | 4.0:1

[TABLE] December 31, 2018 | 4.0:1

[TABLE] June 30, 2019 | 3.5:1

[TABLE] December 31, 2019 | 3.5:1

[TABLE] June 30, 2020 | 3.5:1

[TABLE] December 31, 2020 | 3.0:1

[TABLE] June 30, 2021 | 3.0:1

[TABLE] December 31, 2021 | 3.0:1

[TABLE] June 30, 2022 and so on | 3.0:1

[TABLE] 18.3 | Interest Coverage Indicator

[TABLE] Settlement Date | Value of the Interest Coverage Indicator

[TABLE] June 30, 2017 | 1.5:1

[TABLE] December 31, 2017 | 1.5:1

[TABLE] June 30, 2018 | 1.5:1

[TABLE] December 31, 2018 | 1.5:1

[TABLE] June 30, 2019 | 2.5:1

[TABLE] December 31, 2019 | 2.5:1

[TABLE] June 30, 2020 | 2.5:1

[TABLE] December 31, 2020 | 2.5:1

[TABLE] June 30, 2021 | 2.5:1

[TABLE] December 31, 2021 | 2.5:1

[TABLE] June 30, 2022 and so on | 2.5:1

[TABLE] 18.4 | Revenue extent according to Russian Accounting Standards

[TABLE] 18.5 | Granting of Additional guarantees

[TABLE] (a) | less than 80 (eighty) percent of the Consolidated indicator EBITDA; or

[TABLE] (b) | less than 80 (eighty) percent of the Revenue of the Group; or

[TABLE] (c) | less than 70 (seventy) percent of Assets of the Group,

[TABLE] 18.6 | The Money Receipts Extent

[TABLE] (a) | reduction of the Money Receipts extent for 4 (four) previous financial quarters is no more than 10 (ten) percent in comparison with the Money Receipts extent according to the administrative reporting of HeadHunter FSU submitted as a part of the Initial Reporting; and

[TABLE] (b) | reduction of the Money Receipts extent is no more than 5 (five) percent in comparison with the Money Receipts extent determined as of the same date of the preceding year according to the administrative reporting of Zemenik Trading submitted in compliance with section (c) of Article 17.1 (Financial statements).

[TABLE] 18.7 | Terms and Definitions

[TABLE] (a) | long-term tangible assets;

[TABLE] (b) | intangible assets (with the exception of “goodwill”);

[TABLE] (c) | money funds; and

[TABLE] (d) | equivalent of money funds.

[TABLE] (a) | the authorized body of such Affiliated Company has adopted the corporate decision (satisfying the Credit Agent) concerning transfer of such Money funds in favor of the Borrower, Headhunter or HeadHunter FSU;

[TABLE] (b) | such transfer of Money funds should take place not later than within 90 (ninety) days as from the Settlement Date;

[TABLE] (c) | the financial statements of such Affiliated Company is consolidated with the financial statements of the Borrower, Headhunter or HeadHunter FSU in compliance with International Financial Reporting Standards during the corresponding period of time in the way of direct consolidation; and

[TABLE] (d) | the applicable legislation does not prohibit transfer of Money funds by a corresponding Affiliated Company to the Holding Company in quality of dividends or otherwise.

[TABLE] (a) | As of the end of fiscal year or financial half-year, in conformity with the financial statements of the Group for corresponding fiscal year or financial half-year (accordingly) prepared in compliance with the International Financial Reporting Standards and submitted to the Credit Agent in compliance with section (a) or (b) of the Article 17.1 (Financial statements); or

[TABLE] (b) | As of the end of the first or third financial quarter, on the basis of the corresponding administrative reporting of the Group submitted to the Credit Agent in compliance with section (c) of Article 17.1 (Financial statements).

[TABLE] 19.1 | Authorization and corporate approval

[TABLE] (a) | The Borrower is obliged and undertakes to procure that each Affiliated Company of the Borrower in due time received, provided the validity and met conditions of any authorization, permission and corporate approvals required in compliance with any applicable legislation for execution of their obligations under the Financial Documents, a party of which they are, and for making it possible to use the Financial Documents as the proof in arbitrations and in the courts of the Russian Federation including arbitration tribunals.

[TABLE] (b) | Except for obtaining of license in the Republic of Azerbaijan for handling the personal data, the Borrower is obliged and undertakes to procure that each Affiliated Company of the Borrower in due time received necessary state and municipal authorization, consent, licenses and patents and also membership in the self-regulated organizations, demanded in compliance with any applicable legislation for management of economic activities of any participant of the Group in that kind in which it is performed, and also provides their validity and met their conditions.

[TABLE] 19.2 | Prohibition on Assets Encumbrance

[TABLE] (a) | Encumbrances of assets (except for that indicated in section (d) below, but without double accounting) which balance cost in aggregate does not exceed at any time 5 (five) percent of the Consolidated indicator EBITDA;

[TABLE] (b) | The encumbrance arising in compliance with the Security Agreements;

[TABLE] (c) | Any Encumbrance arising by virtue of the law in the normal course of economic activities; and

[TABLE] (d) | Any Encumbrance in the form of the right of writing-off of funds from the account with pre-authorization of the payer or the similar right of writing-off if it result in discarding of money funds from such account at the rate of no more than 5 (five) percent of the Consolidated indicator EBITDA.

[TABLE] 19.3 | Alienation of assets

[TABLE] (a) | Alienations of assets or property within the frameworks of normal economic activities;

[TABLE] (b) | Alienations of assets or property within the limits of the Permitted Reorganization;

[TABLE] (c) | Alienations of assets or property within the limits of re-structuring with reference of ownership of limited liability partnership “HEADHUNTER.KZ”;

[TABLE] (d) | Alienations of assets or property of participants of the Group for the cumulative amount as per the balance or market cost (depending on whichever amount is larger of two) to be received as a result of one or several transactions made within each consecutive 12 (twelve) months not exceeding 5 (five) percent of the Consolidated indicator EBITDA;

[TABLE] (e) | Alienations of shares of the company CV Keskus OU (serial number 11325768, registered at the address Mustamae tee 46, Tallinna linn, Harju maakond 10621) provided that the Debt Load Indicator After Alienation would not exceed the Debt Load Indicator as at the last Settlement Date. At that, for the purposes of observance of the Debt Load Indicator After Alienation specified above, the Borrower (or other participant of the Group) has the right, before payment in favor of the other participant of the Group or shareholders of Zemenik Trading of the money funds received from sale of shares of the company CV Keskus OU, to forward a part of the money funds received as a result of alienation of shares of the company CV Keskus OU, for the partial redemption of the Outstanding Credit in compliance with the Article 8.3 (Voluntary early repayment of the Outstanding Credit). The Borrower undertakes to submit the certificate to the Credit Agent not later than within 5 (five) Working Days prior to alienation of shares of the company CV Keskus OU, confirming fulfillment of a condition indicated above that contains calculation of the Debt Load Indicator After Alienation and (if applicable) specifies the period of time required for the Borrower (or other participant of the Group) for partial repayment of the Outstanding Credit stipulated in the calculation of the Debt Load Indicator After Alienation. Payment to shareholders Zemenik Trading of the money funds received as a result of alienation of shares of the company CV Keskus OU can be effected by the Borrower or by the other participants of the Group based on the results of alienation one time only;

[TABLE] (a) | Alienations of shares or participatory shares in the authorized capital stock of the participant of the Group not being the Debtor except for the company CV Keskus OU, provided that after such alienation:

[TABLE] (i) | value of the Debt Indicator (as determined below) will not exceed 2.0:1; and

[TABLE] (ii) | value of the Debt Indicator after payment of the Distributable Amount will not be increased in comparison with the Debt Load Indicator as of the last Settlement Date.

[TABLE] (A) | the Borrower shall forward the notification to the Credit Agent before alienation of the Alienated Participant of the Group specifying the sale price of the Alienated Participant of the Group with instructions in such notification of the extent of the Distributable Amount, amount which is supposed to be used for the economic activities of the participant of the Group alienating the Alienated Participant of the Group, and (or) the amount which is supposed to be used for early repayment of the Outstanding Credit or its part in conformity with the Article 8.3 (Voluntary early repayment of the Outstanding Credit);

[TABLE] (B) | the Borrower shall submit the certificate to the Credit Agent not later than within 5 (five) Working Days prior to alienation of the Alienated Participant of the Group confirming satisfaction of all conditions indicated in sections (i) and (ii) above;

[TABLE] (C) | sale of the Alienated Participant of the Group should be finished within 30 days as from the date of the notification indicated in the subparagraph (A) above, and anyway within the calendar quarter in which the Borrower had directed the documents indicated in sections (a) and (B) above to the Credit Agent; and

[TABLE] (D) | sale of the Alienated Participant of the Group will not cause violation of the obligations stipulated in the Article 18 (Obligations in respect of observance of the financial indicators).

[TABLE] 19.4 | Acquisition of Assets

[TABLE] (a) | within the limits of normal economic activities;

[TABLE] (b) | within the limits of the Permitted Reorganization;

[TABLE] (c) | within the limits of re-structuring with reference of the ownership to the Limited Liability Partnership “HEADHUNTER.KZ”;

[TABLE] (d) | by the participant of the Group for the cumulative amount to be paid by such participant of the Group as a result of one or several transactions on acquisition of the assets made within each consecutive 12 (twelve) months not exceeding 7.5 (seven naught five) percent of the Consolidated indicator EBITDA; or

[TABLE] (e) | (e) to be acquired at the expense of the Permitted Financial Indebtedness.

[TABLE] 19.5 | Transactions on market conditions

[TABLE] (a) | The Borrower has not the right to conclude transaction with any persons on the conditions different from the market conditions and undertakes to procure that any Affiliated Company of the Borrower refrain from conclusion of the transactions with any persons on the conditions different from the market conditions.

[TABLE] (b) | Provisions of section (a) shall not apply to the transactions with Debtors.

[TABLE] 19.6 | Crediting

[TABLE] 19.7 | Submission of Guarantees and Sureties

[TABLE] (a) | The Borrower has not the right to act as the guarantor or the indemnitor in respect of the obligations of any person without preliminary written consent of the Credit Agent and undertakes to procure that any Affiliated Company of the Borrower refrain from to act as the guarantor or the indemnitor in respect of the obligations of any person without preliminary written consent of the Credit Agent.

[TABLE] (b) | Provisions of section (a) above are not applied when such guarantee or surety provide fulfillment of obligation of another participant of the Group:

[TABLE] (i) | created within the limits of the Permitted Financial Indebtedness; or

[TABLE] (ii) | claims under such guarantee or surety are subordinated in relation to obligations of the Borrower under the Financial Documents in compliance with the Intercreditor Agreement,

[TABLE] 19.8 | Financial Indebtedness

[TABLE] 19.9 | Reorganization and reduction of the authorized capital stock

[TABLE] 19.10 | Issue of new shares or increase of the authorized capital stock

[TABLE] (a) | when the participant of the Group acquires such issued shares or increases a share in the authorized capital stock of the Affiliated Company belonging to him; and

[TABLE] (b) | if shares or participatory shares in the authorized capital stock of such Affiliated Company are pledged in favor of Creditors in compliance with the Agreement of Pledge, then such Agreement of Pledge will cover all 100 (one hundred) percent of shares or participatory shares in the authorized capital stock of such Affiliated Company, belonging to participants of the Group or Pledgers.

[TABLE] 19.11 | Amendment of the constituent documents

[TABLE] 19.12 | Payment of dividends and redemption of shares / participation shares

[TABLE] (i) | payments of distributable profit by any Debtor in favor of another Debtor and by any participant of the Group in favor of the Borrower or the Guarantor;

[TABLE] (ii) | payments of distributable profit (including that in the form of the Permitted Redemption) in favor of shareholders of Zemenik Trading in the amount not exceeding 50 (fifty) percent out of the Corrected Consolidated Net profit of the Group in case of confirmation by the Credit Agent that value of the Corrected Debt Load Indicator does not exceed 2.9:1;

[TABLE] (iii) | payments of distributable profit (including that in the form of the Permitted Redemption) in favor of shareholders of Zemenik Trading in the amount not exceeding 70 (seventy) percent out of the Corrected Consolidated Net profit of the Group in case of confirmation by the Credit Agent that value of the Corrected Debt Load Indicator does not exceed 2.7:1; and

[TABLE] (iv) | payments of distributable profit by any participant of the Group to the minority shareholders provided that similar payments are effected in favor of shareholders (participants) being participants of the Group of such participant of the Group proportionally to their share in the authorized capital stock of such participant of the Group.

[TABLE] (b) | For the purposes of the present Article 19.12:

[TABLE] (i) | profits and losses resulted from revaluation of any assets;

[TABLE] (ii) | depreciation of “goodwill”;

[TABLE] (iii) | amortization and depreciation of the following intangible assets (identified in the course of acquisition of HeadHunter FSU in the accounts of the Group for the year of 2016 prepared in compliance with the International Financial Reporting Standards based on IFRS 3 standard) provided that such amortization/depreciation of intangible assets will be indicated in confirmation of the observance of financial indicators to be submitted by the Borrower to the Credit Agent together with the financial statements of the Group for the year of 2016 in compliance with the Article 17.2 (Confirmation of observance of financial indicators):

[TABLE] (A) | Trade mark hh;

[TABLE] (B) | Trade mark CV Keskus;

[TABLE] (C) | Recruitment database hh.ru;

[TABLE] (D) | Recruitment database CV Keskus;

[TABLE] (E) | Relations of Headhunter with clients;

[TABLE] (F) | Relations of CV Keskus with clients; and

[TABLE] (G) | Software for website hh.ru;

[TABLE] (iv) | profits and losses of non-monetary character from Plans of Remuneration Based On The Equity Instruments Of The Group;

[TABLE] (v) | profit tax accounted in the Consolidated net profit of the Group on profit and losses of non-monetary character indicated in sections (i) - (iv) above; and

[TABLE] (vi) | profits and losses from forming of a reserve of the postponed tax for undistributed profit.

[TABLE] 19.13 | Fulfillment of the subsequent conditions

[TABLE] 19.14 | Net assets

[TABLE] 19.15 | Change of activity

[TABLE] 19.16 | Existing Commercial Contracts

[TABLE] 19.17 | Taxation

[TABLE] (a) | Obligatory Payments to be challenged by the Borrower and any Affiliated Company of the Borrower as per the procedure established by the law; and

[TABLE] (b) | Obligatory Payments and costs for contest of them in which relation the corresponding reserves have been created that are shown in the most recent financial statements submitted to the Credit Agent in compliance with the Article 17.1 (Financial statements); and

[TABLE] (c) | a case when failure to effect such Obligatory Payments will not render the Essential Adverse Effect.

[TABLE] 19.18 | The Equal status of obligations

[TABLE] 19.19 | Chart of the Group Structure

[TABLE] 19.20 | Access

[TABLE] 19.21 | Additional General Obligations

[TABLE] (a) | new Agreements on Issue of the Independent Warranty with the Creditors and issue of new Independent Warranties in favor of Creditors (on the conditions identical to the conditions of existing Agreements on Issue of the Independent Warranty and Independent Warranties); and

[TABLE] (b) | supplementary Agreements to the Agreement of Pledge of the Borrower and Agreement of Pledge of Headhunter (on the conditions, acceptable for the Creditors),

[TABLE] 19.22 | Obligations of Zemenik Trading

[TABLE] 20. | PERMITTED REORGANIZATION

[TABLE] (a) | The Creditors agree hereby that the Permitted Reorganization is directly authorized by the Financial Documents if all conditions indicated in definition of the term “Permitted Reorganization” in Article 1.1 (Terms) are satisfied.

[TABLE] (b) | The Credit Agent undertakes to take actions on request of the Borrower and at the expense of the Borrower and to sign the documents required by the participants of the Group or Pledgers to provide of carrying out of Permitted Reorganization.

[TABLE] 21. | EVENTS OF DEFAULT

[TABLE] 21.1 | Non-payment

[TABLE] (a) | Such non-payment is a result of:

[TABLE] (i) | either technical or administrative error; or

[TABLE] (ii) | Technical Failure; and provided that

[TABLE] (b) | the payment is effected within 3 (three) Working Days as from the established maturity date.

[TABLE] 21.2 | Violation by the Debtor of financial indicators

[TABLE] 21.3 | Other obligations

[TABLE] (a) | Disregard by the Debtor or the Pledger of any provisions of the Financial Documents (except for those indicated in the Article 21.1 (Non-payment) and in the Article 21.2 (Violation by the Debtor of financial indicators)).

[TABLE] (b) | Event of Failure to Perform in compliance with section (a) above is not considered occurred if such disregard can be corrected and is being corrected:

[TABLE] (i) | in respect of the obligations stipulated in sections (a) and (b) of the Article 17.1 (Financial statements) - within 30 (thirty) days; or

[TABLE] (ii) | in respect of any other provisions of the Financial Documents - within 10 (ten) Working Days

[TABLE] 21.4 | False representation

[TABLE] 21.5 | Non-execution of obligations to the third parties

[TABLE] (a) | Any participant of the Group fails to redeem any Financial Indebtedness when due hereunder or during any grace period established in accordance with the conditions of the corresponding obligation.

[TABLE] (b) | Any Financial Indebtedness of any participant of the Group appears or as per otherwise procedure becomes subject to early repayment in result of occurrence of a case of a failure to perform of any character.

[TABLE] (c) | Any creditor of any participant of the Group acquires the right to declare any Financial Indebtedness of any participant of the Group subject to early repayment (prior to expiration of the time period for its repayment) in result of occurrence of a case of a failure to perform (of any character). The event of Failure to Perform is not considered occurred in compliance with the present section (c) if such disregard can be corrected and is corrected within 15 (fifteen) Working Days.

[TABLE] (d) | The event of Failure to Perform is not considered occurred bases on the present Article 21.5 if the cumulative amount of Financial Indebtedness or Obligations in respect of the Financial Indebtedness covered by provisions of sections (a) to (c) above is at any time less than 100,000,000 (one hundred millions) Rubles.

[TABLE] 21.6 | Loss of Property

[TABLE] 21.7 | Financial Insolvency

[TABLE] (a) | Any Essential Participant of the Group meets the criteria for insolvency in compliance with the Bankruptcy law;

[TABLE] (b) | Any Essential Participant of the Group meets the criteria for insufficiency of property in compliance with the Bankruptcy law;

[TABLE] (c) | The financial condition of any Essential Participant of the Group affords the grounds for measures for the bankruptcy prevention in compliance with the Bankruptcy law;

[TABLE] (d) | Any Essential Participant of the Group meets the criteria or affords the grounds for measures for the bankruptcy prevention similar to the criteria and measures indicated in sections (a) and (b) of the present Article 21.7 (Financial Insolvency) stipulated by any legislation applicable to such Essential Participant of the Group;

[TABLE] (e) | Any Essential Participant of the Group starts negotiations with one or several creditors in respect of revision of time-periods of repayment of any his indebtedness by the reason of actual or anticipated financial difficulties;

[TABLE] (f) | The moratorium on repayment of creditors’ claims in respect of any indebtedness is introduced; or

[TABLE] (g) | Any Essential Participant of the Group meets any other criteria of the bankruptcy established by the Bankruptcy Law or by any other law applicable to such Essential Participant of the Group.

[TABLE] 21.8 | Financial Insolvency Procedures

[TABLE] (a) | sanitation and other measures for the bankruptcy prevention;

[TABLE] (b) | beginning of the procedure for liquidation or bankruptcy or appointment of liquidation committee or any similar body or any official;

[TABLE] (c) | submission to the court of the petition by any of the Essential Participants of the Group in respect of declaration of such Essential Participant of the Group bankrupt;

[TABLE] (d) | submission to the court of petition of any creditor of any Debtor in respect of declaration of such Essential Participant of the Group bankrupt or in respect of liquidation (or any other similar procedure) if the arbitration tribunal or another competent court within 30 (thirty) calendar days as from the date of rendering of ruling in respect of accepting of the statement for declaration of the Essential Participant of the Group bankrupt does not render ruling in respect of refusal to commence a supervision procedure and dismissal of petition without prejudice, ruling in respect of refusal to commence a supervision procedure and termination of proceedings in case of bankruptcy, ruling in respect of returning of such petition, ruling in respect of termination of proceedings in case of bankruptcy, decisions in respect of refusal to declare bankrupt or other similar judicial act which results in either termination of proceedings in case of bankruptcy or refusal to commence such proceedings;

[TABLE] (e) | commencement of a supervision procedure, external management, financial rehabilitation or bankruptcy administration;

[TABLE] (f) | appointment of the temporary manager, external manager, insolvency administrator or any other person executing similar functions;

[TABLE] (g) | convening of meeting of creditors for the purpose of consideration of voluntary settlement agreement;

[TABLE] (h) | initiation of any other insolvency proceeding established by the bankruptcy law;

[TABLE] (i) | levy of execution upon any Encumbrance created in the relation of any assets of any Essential Participant of the Group if the extent of assets in which relation such Encumbrance is created, exceeds 100,000,000 (one hundred million Rubles);

[TABLE] (j) | commencement of any other similar procedures provided by the Financial Insolvency (bankruptcy) legislation applicable to the corresponding Essential Participant of the Group.

[TABLE] 21.9 | Compulsory withdrawal or restriction on disposal of property

[TABLE] 21.10 | Illegality and invalidity

[TABLE] (a) | Execution by any Debtor or Pledger of any Obligations under the Financial Documents becomes inconsistent with the legislation.

[TABLE] (b) | Any Financial Document ceases to be legally valid and effective.

[TABLE] (c) | Any Financial Document is not concluded in compliance with the Law applicable to such Financial Document.

[TABLE] 21.11 | Repudiation of obligations or termination of Agreements

[TABLE] 21.12 | Termination of economic activities

[TABLE] 21.13 | The Audit report with the reservation

[TABLE] 21.14 | Judicial and administrative proceedings

[TABLE] (a) | beginning of any judicial, administrative or arbitrations proceedings in respect of the contest of (i) the Financial Documents, (ii) any rights of the Parties of Financing based on the Financial Documents, or (iii) transactions stipulated in the Financial Documents.

[TABLE] (b) | Accepting by court, arbitration tribunal or the arbitration court (including international arbitration) to action at law of any claim in respect of any participant of the Group or his assets for a total amount which together with the amount of other claims shown to such participant of the Group (or in respect of his assets) or to the other participants of the Group (or in respect of their assets), received to action by any law court, arbitration tribunal or arbitration court (including international arbitration), exceeds 150,000,000 (one hundred fifty million) Rubles or an equivalent of this amount in another currency at the rate of the Central Bank of the Russian Federation for the date of filing of the claim.

[TABLE] (c) | Coming into legal force of decisions of any court, arbitration tribunal or arbitration court (including international arbitration) in respect of any participant of the Group or his assets concerning collection of money funds or other assets from such participant of the Group for a total amount which together with the amount of the other legally effective decisions of any court, arbitration tribunal or the arbitration court (including international arbitration) relating to such participant of the Group (or to his assets) or to the other participants of the Group (or to their assets) exceeds 100,000,000 (one hundred million) Rubles or an equivalent of this amount in another currency at the rate of the Central Bank of the Russian Federation.

[TABLE] 21.15 | Deprivation of the right of property disposal

[TABLE] 21.16 | Intellectual property

[TABLE] (a) | Either complete or partial termination or suspension of action, cancellation of rights to any subject of the Intellectual property

[TABLE] (b) | Introduction of any limitations on conditions of use or additional requirements in respect of any subjects of the Intellectual property;

[TABLE] (c) | Expiration of period of validity and refusal to prolong the rights to any subject of the Intellectual property substantially on the same conditions; or

[TABLE] (d) | Encumbrance in respect of any subjects of the Intellectual property,

[TABLE] 17 | Essential Adverse Effect

[TABLE] 18 | Acceleration

[TABLE] (a) | The Credit Agent, upon having received the Decision of the Majority of Creditors, is obliged send the notification to the Borrower, in which he:

[TABLE] (i) | will express refusal of the Creditors to grant money funds within the Cumulative Limit of Crediting (including the Amount subject to be rendered by the Creditors if they avail such Amount at the corresponding moment of time) then the obligation of Creditors for rendering of the Credit to the Borrower ceases; and (or)

[TABLE] (ii) | will state the requirement of Creditors to the Borrower about immediate early repayment of the Outstanding Credit or its any part, including the added interest, commission fees and any other amounts due to the Parties of Financing under the Financial Documents; and (or)

[TABLE] (iii) | will notify the Borrower of the fact that the Creditors are informed on the Event of Failure to Perform and reserve the right to demand immediate early repayment from the Borrower of the Outstanding Credit or its any part, including the added interest, commission fees and any other amounts due to the Parties of Financing under the Financial Documents; and (or)

[TABLE] (iv) | will notify the Borrower that Creditors reserve the right to levy execution upon the property which is a subject of pledge under the Security Agreements, or to claim based on the Independent Warranties.

[TABLE] (b) | The Creditors levy execution on the subject of pledge as per the procedure stipulated in the corresponding Security Agreement. The property received by the Creditors in result of execution levied on the subject of pledge under the Agreements on Security shall come into the participatory share property of the Creditors in the amount corresponding to their Proportional Shares.

[TABLE] (c) | The money funds received by the Creditors in result of execution levied on the property being a subject of pledge under Agreements on Security and (or) its subsequent sale in compliance with section (b) above, and remained after reimbursement of the Creditors and Credit Agent expenditures for such execution and payment of the other obligatory payments shall be charged into the Account of the Credit Agent and then shall be distributed by the Credit Agent between the Creditors according to their Proportional Shares.

[TABLE] 22. | REPLACEMENT OF THE PARTIES

[TABLE] 22.1 | Assignment by the Borrower

[TABLE] (a) | The Borrower has no right neither to assign his rights nor to transfer his obligations under the Financial Documents without the preliminary consent of all Creditors.

[TABLE] (b) | The Borrower has the right either to assign his rights or to transfer his obligations under the Financial Documents to Headhunter on the condition of obtaining of advance written consent of all Creditors.

[TABLE] 22.2 | Assignment of rights and transfer of obligations by the Creditors

[TABLE] (a) | The Creditor (hereinafter referred to as the Existing Creditor) has the right to assign the rights and (or) to transfer the obligations under the Financial Documents at any time in full or in part to the following persons without the consent of the Borrower and other Creditors:

[TABLE] (i) | to the other Creditor;

[TABLE] (ii) | to his Affiliated person;

[TABLE] (iii) | to the Central bank of the Russian Federation, and also in case of the subsequent assignment of the rights and (or) transfer of obligations by the Central Bank or other similar body to any person;

[TABLE] (iv) | to the Russian bank or Russian credit or financial organization listed among the banks a list if which is shown in the Annex 12 (List of the Russian banks); or

[TABLE] (v) | Any foreign credit or financial organization of good reputation,

[TABLE] (b) | At any time in case of absence of the event of Failure to perform Obligations the Existing Creditor has the right to assign in full or in part the rights and (or) to transfer obligations under the Financial Documents to the other persons who have been not indicated in section (a) above, provided that such person is not the Person under Sanctions, and on the condition of obtaining of advance written consent of the Borrower, at that the Borrower cannot refuse granting of such consent or protract its granting without valid excuse.

[TABLE] (c) | In the case of event of Failure to Perform Obligations the consent of the Borrower to assign the rights and (or) transfer the obligations of the Existing Creditor is not required, with the exception of the cases when the expected New Creditor is the Person under Sanctions. For the purposes of the Article 388 of the Civil Code, each Debtor confirms hereby that for the purposes of the present paragraph the personality of the Creditor is of no substantial significance for him.

[TABLE] (d) | In case of assignment by the Existing Creditor of his rights and transfer of his obligations to the New Creditor in compliance with the present Agreement, the Borrower hereby shall submit the preliminary consent to simultaneous transfer of corresponding obligations of the Existing Creditor (debt transfer), if any, to the New Creditor.

[TABLE] 22.3 | Procedure of assignment of rights and transfer of obligations

[TABLE] (a) | Assignment of rights and (or) transfer of debt shall be effected in the way of signing of the Creditor Rights Assignment Agreement between the Existing Creditor, New Creditor and Credit Agent and becomes effective as at the date of signing of the Creditor Rights Assignment Agreement unless otherwise expressly provided by the Creditor Rights Assignment Agreement.

[TABLE] (b) | Not later than 5 (five) Working Days prior to the date of expected signing of the Creditor Rights Assignment Agreement, the Existing Creditor is obliged to notify in writing the Credit Agent in respect of the expected assignment of the rights and (or) transfer of debt with the indication of the name of the New Creditor. On or prior to the next Working Day after obtaining of the notification indicated above from the Existing Creditor, the Credit Agent is obliged to forward a copy of such notification to the Borrower.

[TABLE] (c) | If the Borrower within 10 (ten) Working Days after obtaining of the notification indicated in section (b) above do not submit confirmation to the Credit Agent (containing the reference to the corresponding legal acts) that such New Creditor is the Person under Sanctions, then on the date of signing of the Creditor Rights Assignment Agreement:

[TABLE] (i) | The Existing Creditor assigns the rights of the existing Creditor to the New Creditor in the volume stipulated in the Creditor Rights Assignment Agreement;

[TABLE] (ii) | The New Creditor undertakes the obligations of the Existing Creditor transferred to him in the volume stipulated in the Creditor Rights Assignment Agreement;

[TABLE] (iii) | The Existing Creditor is released from the obligations in the part in which these obligations are undertaken by the New Creditor; and

[TABLE] (iv) | The New Creditor becomes the Creditor under the present Agreement and will be bound by the conditions of the present Agreement in quality of the Creditor.

[TABLE] (d) | The reference in the present Agreement to the Creditor includes any New Creditor as from the date of signing of any Creditor Rights Assignment Agreement.

[TABLE] (e) | The new Creditor is obliged to pay remuneration on the date of signing of the Creditor Rights Assignment Agreement to the Credit Agent in the amount of 10,000 (ten thousand) Rubles as well as the VAT to be written in the separate line, calculated based on the current tax rate in compliance with the legislation of the Russian Federation on taxes and tax collection for the services of the Credit Agent under the present Agreement.

[TABLE] (f) | The Credit Agent undertakes to notify Debtors in writing immediately after signing of the Creditor Rights Assignment Agreement in respect of such assignment of the rights and (or) transfer of obligations under the present Agreement and to deliver a copy of the signed Creditor Rights Assignment Agreement to each Debtor.

[TABLE] 22.4 | Payment of interest at the time of assignment

[TABLE] (a) | Interest on the Outstanding Credit, penalty and commission fees in respect of the Proportional Share of the Existing Creditor, charged prior to the date of signing of the Creditor Rights Assignment Agreement (including the date of signing) and received from the Borrower (hereinafter referred to as the Charged Amounts), and also the other payments indicated in the Creditor Rights Assignment Agreement shall be paid by the Credit Agent to the Existing Creditor at the nearest Date of Interest Payment following the date of signing of the Creditor Rights Assignment Agreement;

[TABLE] (b) | The rights assigned by the Existing Creditor to the New Creditor, will not include the right of the requirement of the Added Amounts; and

[TABLE] (c) | The new Creditor will receive the amount of interest charged on the Outstanding Credit in respect of the Proportional Share of the New Creditor for the part of the Interest Period which comes forth after the date of signing of the Creditor Rights Assignment Agreement (not including the date of signing) and comes to an end on the expiry date of the corresponding Interest Period.

[TABLE] 22.5 | Limitation of Responsibility of the Existing Creditors

[TABLE] (a) | Financial status of any Debtor;

[TABLE] (b) | Observance or performance by any Debtor of his obligations under the Financial Documents or any other documents; or

[TABLE] (c) | Correctness of the information contained in any Financial Document.

[TABLE] 22.6 | Ensuring the Lenders’ rights

[TABLE] 22.7 | Prohibition of the cession of rights and transfer of obligations to the Sanctioned Body

[TABLE] 23.1 | Decisions of the Majority of Lenders

[TABLE] 23.2 | Appointing the Facility Agent

[TABLE] 23.3 | Obligations of the Facility Agent

[TABLE] 23.4 | Termination of the Facility Agent’s authorities

[TABLE] 23.5 | Organizer

[TABLE] 24. | PAYMENT MECHANISM

[TABLE] 24.1 | Payments to the Facility Agent

[TABLE] 24.2 | Distribution of the finances received by the Facility Agent

[TABLE] 24.3 | Partial payments

[TABLE] 24.4 | Payments bypassing the Facility Agent

[TABLE] 24.5 | Prohibition of offsetting by Obligators

[TABLE] 24.6 | Currency of payments

[TABLE] 24.7 | Payment due date

[TABLE] 25. | NOTIFICATIONS

[TABLE] 25.1 | Written form

[TABLE] 25.2 | Addresses

[TABLE] 25.3 | Service of a notification

[TABLE] 25.4 | Language

[TABLE] 25.5 | Responding the Borrower’s requests

[TABLE] 26. | PARTIAL INVALIDITY

[TABLE] 27. | AMENDMENTS TO THE AGREEMENT

[TABLE] 28. | CONFIDENTIALITY

[TABLE] 28.1 | Confidential information

[TABLE] 28.2 | Disclosure of the Confidential Information

[TABLE] 28.3 | Notification of Disclosure

[TABLE] 28.4 | Obligators Liability

[TABLE] 28.5 | Surviving obligations

[TABLE] 29. | GOVERNING LAW

[TABLE] 30. | DISPUTE RESOLUTION

[TABLE] 31. | SIGNING

[TABLE] The initial
Creditors | Tranche A | Tranche B | Tranche C | Tranche D

[TABLE] BANK VTB (PJSC) | 4 000 000 000,00
roubles | 1 000 000 000,00
roubles | 1 000 000 000,00
roubles | 1 000 000 000,00
roubles

[TABLE] 1. | The Financial Documents

[TABLE] 2. | The necessary corporate documents according to every Debtor (established in accordance with the legislation of the Russian Federation).

[TABLE] 2.1 | A notary certified copy of the registered in due force constituent documents of each Debtor and all the changes and annexes to them, the registration certificates of each Debtor and in appropriate cases the registration certificates of the constituent documents and all the changes, and annexes to them.

[TABLE] 2.2 | A settlement original from the Unified State Register of Legal Entities issued by the entitled tax authority which contains the information as of no earlier than 7 (seven) days before the date of the Present Agreement for each Debtor.

[TABLE] 2.3 | A notary certified copy of the certificate about setting up of each Debtor which is a Russian legal entity to tax accounting in the Russian tax authority.

[TABLE] 2.4 | A reference on the day coming up not earlier than 14 (fourteen) days before the date of the Present Agreement, issued by the Russian tax authority on which each Debtor is registered about the absence of unliquidated obligations to the state budget and other extra budgetary funds, or in the availability of such unliquidated obligations, the existence of a schedule for their repayment, agreed with the relevant authority.

[TABLE] 2.5 | A certified copy of the decision of the entitled management authority of the each Debtor:

[TABLE] (i) | about approval of the Financial Documents conditions whose Party is the corresponding Debtor and the deals they envisage, and also any deals connected to them, including (in appropriate cases) about approval of the deal as a major deal and (or) as a deal in the performance of which there is an interest (in the meaning attached to these terms by the legislation of the Russian Federation);

[TABLE] (ii) | about empowering of the relevant person or persons by the powers which are necessary for signing of the Financial Documents of which the relevant Debtor is a party, on behalf of the latter; and

[TABLE] (iii) | about empowering of the relevant person or persons by the powers which are necessary for signing of all the documents and notifications on behalf of the relevant Debtor (including in appropriate cases any Applications for Selection) which are to be signed by the relevant Debtor in accordance to or in connection with the Financial Documents to which he is a Party.

[TABLE] 2.6 | The certified copies of the documents about an appointment of the unified executive body or other entitled entities with the right to sign provided by the constituent documents of each Debtor.

[TABLE] 2.7 | The notary certified copies of all the powers of attorney on granting to the authorized persons of each Debtor the powers necessary for the signing of the Financial Documents to which the relevant Debtor is the Party or, in appropriate cases, for signing or sending any documents or notifications concerning any Financial Documents.

[TABLE] 2.8 | The certified copies of the cards with samples of each person’s signatures entitled to sign on behalf of each Financial Documents Debtor, to which he is a Party, or for signing or sending any documents or notifications concerning any Financial Documents.

[TABLE] 2.9 | The notary certified copies of all the licenses, approvals, agreements, accounting and registration documents, issued by the creditor bodies, state or other bodies necessary for each Debtor in connection with the conclusion, execution, legal force provision, compulsory execution of Financial Documents to which the relevant Debtor is a Party, as well as the deals envisaged by them.

[TABLE] 2.10 | The document signed by an authorized representative of each Debtor confirming among other things that:

[TABLE] (i) | each document (original or copy), provided by every Debtor or on its behalf in accordance with the present Appendix 2 is genuine, contains full and up-to-date information has full legal force, has not been changed, canceled, withdrawn or terminated and that, as of the date no earlier than the date of the Present Agreement, no new documents have been issued in connection with the questions raised in the relevant document;

[TABLE] (ii) | all corporate approvals required in accordance with applicable law with respect to the Finance Documents and deals envisaged by them, including approval of such deals as major deals or deals in the performance of which there is interest received by the relevant Debtor;

[TABLE] (iii) | total cost of the deals envisaged by the Financial Documents is more than 50 (fifty) percent of the book value assets of the respective Debtor;

[TABLE] (iv) | The Law on Regulated Purchases does not apply to the conclusion of Financial Documents by the relevant Debtor. (In this case, such confirmation should not apply to the application of the Law on Regulated Purchases to a Financing Party).

[TABLE] 3. | The necessary corporate documents concerning the Highworld

[TABLE] 3.1 | The notary certified copies of the constituent documents with the apostille (certificate of registration, foundation agreement, charter and the others), certified by the registered company agent (hereinafter referred to as the Registered Agent), confirming their fidelity to the original, completeness and relevance.

[TABLE] 3.2 | An original of the certificate of compliance with the established mandatory requirements (certificate of good standing), dated not earlier than seven days before the date of conclusion of the Present Agreement, issued by the Registrar of the British Virgin Islands, confirming the performance of Highworld of the established mandatory requirements in the British Virgin Islands.

[TABLE] 3.3 | An original certificate of authority (certificate of incumbency), issued by the Registered Agent, dated not earlier than seven days before the date of conclusion of the Present Agreement confirming, in particular, along with other common information: (i) the names of persons of all participants of the company - owners of placed shares entered in the register; (ii) the names (names) of all persons on the directors’ register who are members of the company’s board of directors; (iii) the fact of payment of all fees, annual fees and penalties payable by Highworld to the Registrar of the British Virgin Islands.

[TABLE] 3.4 | A copy of the register of participants certified by the Registered Agent, confirming its fidelity to the original, completeness and relevance, according to which the Highworld shares are not subject to Encumbrance, except for the Encumbrance permitted in accordance with the terms of the Financial Documents.

[TABLE] 3.5 | A copy of the register of directors, certified by the Registered Agent, confirming its fidelity to the original, completeness and relevance.

[TABLE] 3.6 | A copy of the register of pledges, if it is maintained, certified by the Registered Agent confirming its fidelity to the original, completeness and relevance, according to which the assets and other property of Highworld are not subject to Encumbrance, except for the Encumbrance permitted in accordance with the terms of the Financial Documents.

[TABLE] 3.7 | A certified copy of the decision of the Board of Directors and shareholders or any other authorized body, as provided for in the constituent documents of Highworld:

[TABLE] (i) | on approval of the terms of the Zemenik Trading Pledge Agreement and the deal it provides, and that the Highworld company has to sign the Zemenik Trading Pledge Agreement;

[TABLE] (ii) | on empowering the relevant person or persons with the powers necessary to sign the Zemenik Trading Pledge Agreement, on behalf of Highworld; and

[TABLE] (iii) | on empowering the relevant person or persons with the powers necessary to sign the all documents and notices, on behalf of Highworld, which have to be signed by Highworld in accordance with or in connection with the Zemenik Trading Pledge Agreement.

[TABLE] 3.8 | A notary certified and apostilled the power of attorney or granting Highworld authorized persons the authority necessary to sign the Zemenik Trading Pledge Agreement or, as appropriate, to sign or send any documents or notices in connection with the Zemenik Trading Pledge Agreement.

[TABLE] 3.9 | An original of the signature sample of each person to whom authority is granted according to the decision mentioned in subparagraph (ii) of paragraph 3.7 of this Appendix 2.

[TABLE] 3.10 | The original document signed by the authorized representative of Highworld, confirming that each document (whether it is an original or a copy), provided by Highworld or on behalf of Highworld in accordance with this Appendix 2 is genuine, contains complete and relevant information, has full legal effect, has not been changed, canceled, withdrawn or terminated, and that, as of the date not earlier than the date of the Present Agreement, in connection with the questions, no new documents were issued in the relevant document.

[TABLE] 4. | Necessary corporate documents for each Debtor (established in accordance with the legislation of Cyprus)

[TABLE] 4.1 | An apostilled copy of the certificate of incorporation issued by the Company Registration Service of Cyprus.

[TABLE] 4.2 | An apostilled copy of the constituent agreement and the charter (including all the changes and Appendixs to them) in Greek (with the registration service stamp stamped on them) and in English.

[TABLE] 4.3 | An apostilled original of the certificate of the address of the registered office issued by the Company Registration Service of Cyprus and dated not earlier than 10 (ten) days before the date of the present Agreement.

[TABLE] 4.4 | An apostilled original of a certificate of directors and a secretary issued by the Company Registration Service of Cyprus and dated not earlier than 10 (ten) days before the date of the present Agreement.

[TABLE] 4.5 | An apostilled original of the certificate of shareholders issued by the Company Registration Service of Cyprus and dated not earlier than 10 (ten) days before the date of the present Agreement.

[TABLE] 4.6 | A certified copy of the register of directors and secretaries dated not earlier than 1 (one) day before the date of the present Agreement.

[TABLE] 4.7 | A certified copy of the register of participants, dated not earlier than 1 (one) day before the date of the present Agreement.

[TABLE] 4.8 | A certified copy of the register of mortgage and other pledges, dated not earlier than 1 (one) day before the date of the present Agreement.

[TABLE] 4.9 | An original of the certificate of authority (incumbency certificate), which in form and in essence is acceptable to the Credit Agent, together with all documents provided in accordance with such a certificate of authority.

[TABLE] 4.10 | A certified copy of the decision of the Board of Directors and shareholders or any other authorized body, as provided for in the constituent documents of each Debtor:

[TABLE] (i) | on approval of the terms of the Financial Documents of which the relevant Debtor is a Party and the deals they stipulate, and that the relevant Debtor has to sign the Financial Documents to which the relevant Debtor is a Party;

[TABLE] (ii) | on empowering the relevant person or persons with the authority necessary to sign the Financial Documents to which the relevant Debtor is a Party, on behalf of the relevant Debtor; and

[TABLE] (iii) | on empowering the relevant person or persons with the authority necessary to sign on behalf of the relevant Debtor all documents and notices which are to be signed by the relevant Debtor in accordance with or in connection with the Finance Documents to which the relevant Debtor is a Party.

[TABLE] 4.11 | A certified copy of the power of attorney with an apostille on providing to the authorized persons of the relevant Debtors the powers necessary for the signing of the Finance Documents to which the relevant Debtor is a Party or in appropriate cases for signing or sending any documents or notifications in connection with the Finance Documents to which the relevant Debtor is a Party.

[TABLE] 4.12 | The original of the signature sample of each person to whom the powers are granted based on the decision mentioned in the subparagraph (ii) of the paragraph 4.10 of this Appendix 2.

[TABLE] 4.13 | An original document signed by an authorized representative the corresponding Debtor which submits that every document (whether it is original or copy) provided by the relevant Debtor or on behalf of the relevant Debtor under this Appendix 2 is genuine, contains complete and relevant information, has a legal force, has not been changed, canceled, withdrawn or terminated, and that, as of the date not earlier than the date of the present Agreement, no new documents were issued in connection with the questions raised in the relevant document.

[TABLE] 5. | Necessary Corporate Documents for ELQ Investors

[TABLE] 5.1 | A copy of constituent documents for ELQ Investors.

[TABLE] 5.2 | A copy of the decision of the ELQ Investors Board of Directors on all the following questions:

[TABLE] (i) | on approval of the terms of the Zeminik Trading Pledge Agreement and the deal envisaged by it, and that ELQ Investors company has to sign the Zemenik Trading Pledge Agreement;

[TABLE] (ii) | on empowering the relevant person or persons with the authority necessary to sign the Zemenik Trading Pledge Agreement, on behalf of ELQ Investors; and

[TABLE] (iii) | on empowering the relevant person or persons with the authority necessary for signing on behalf of ELQ Investors all documents and notices which are to be signed by ELQ Investors in accordance with or in connection with the Zemenik Trading Pledge Agreement.

[TABLE] 5.3 | A copy of the decision signed by all the owners of the ELQ Investors placed shares about approval of the terms of the Zeminik Trading Pledge Agreement and the deal provided by it.

[TABLE] 5.4 | The certificate of ELQ Investors, signed by the director of ELQ Investors, which:

[TABLE] (i) | confirms that the provision of ensuring the fulfillment of obligations within the Total Credit Limit does not entail exceeding the limits and restrictions, including the security provided, which are binding to ELQ Investors;

[TABLE] (ii) | certifies as of the date not earlier than the date of the present Agreement the trueness, completeness and relevancy in full submitted by a copy of the documents under this paragraph 5 of this Appendix 2 relating to the mentioned company; and

[TABLE] (iii) | contains samples of signatures of all persons authorized with in accordance with the decision specified above in the paragraph 5.2 of the Appendix 2, and certifies their authenticity.

[TABLE] 5.5 | If ELQ Investors acts through a representative, a notary certified and apostilled power of attorney on granting the authorized persons of ELQ Investors the authority necessary for signing Financial Documents to which ELQ Investors is a Party or in appropriate cases for signing or sending any documents or notifications in connection with the Finance Documents to which ELQ Investors is a Party.

[TABLE] 6. | Documents relating to the final execution of Collateral Agreements

[TABLE] 6.1 | Requirements for the final execution of the collateral in the Russian Federation:

[TABLE] (i) | A certified copy of the decision of the sole Borrower and Headhunter about approval of the pledge provided for in the Borrower’s Pledge Agreement and The Hedhunter Pledge Agreement, respectively;

[TABLE] (ii) | A certified copy of the pledge notice provided in accordance with the Borrower’s Pledge Agreement and the Headhunter Pledge Agreement respectively, and confirmation that the Borrower and Headhunter had not previously received any other notice of pledge of a share in the authorized capital of the Borrower and Headhunter, respectively;

[TABLE] (iii) | The documentary evidence of a proper registration of a pledge of interest participation which is the subject of the Borrower’s Pledge Agreement and the Headhunter Pledge Agreement.

[TABLE] 6.2 | Requirements relating the final formalization of collateral in the British Virgin Islands:

[TABLE] (i) | Highworld not later than 3 (three) working days after signing the Zemenik Trading Pledge Agreement shall:

[TABLE] (A) | create and start maintaining the Register of Pledges, unless it was previously done in accordance with the Article 162 of the Companies of the British Virgin Islands Law;

[TABLE] (B) | enter into the Pledge Registry information on the pledge, in accordance with the requirements of the Companies of the British Virgin Islands Law, arising in accordance with the Zemenik Trading Pledge Agreement, and after entering the information, immediately provide the Credit Agent with a certified, true copy of the Register of Pledges with the information entered in it; and

[TABLE] (C) | register the Zemenik Trading Pledge Agreement with the Registrar of Information on Corporate Affairs in accordance with the Article 163 of the British Virgin Islands Companies Act, for what to provide the Registrar of Information on Corporate Affairs the required documents in an agreed form, and to the Credit Agent - written confirmation of the documents provision.

[TABLE] (ii) | Highworld immediately upon receipt shall provide the Credit Agent with a certificate of pledge registration issued by the Registrar of Information on Corporate Affairs, which confirms the fulfillment of the requirements of the part VIII of the British Virgin Islands Companies Act concerning the registration, as well as a copy of the application with the mark of the registration authority containing information about the pledge.

[TABLE] 6.3 | Requirements relating to the final formalization of the collateral in Cyprus:

[TABLE] (i) | Confirmation by a form that satisfies the Credit Agent, concerning the registration and the final formalization of the Encumbrances, established in accordance with the Borrower’s Pledge Agreement and Headhunter Pledge Agreement:

[TABLE] (A) | a certified copy of the Register of mortgages and other pledges of the NeadHunter FSU, confirming the recording of the Hedhunter Pledge Agreement in accordance with the clause 99 (1) of the Companies Act, Chapter 113;

[TABLE] (B) | a certified copy of the Register of mortgage and other pledges Zemenik Trading, confirming the recording of the Borrower’s Pledge Agreement in accordance with the clause 99 (1) of the Companies Act, Chapter 113.

[TABLE] (ii) | Relating to the Headhunter FSU Pledge Agreement and Zemenik Trading Pledge Agreement:

[TABLE] (A) | a blank signed transfer document with no date, complied in form, stipulated by the Headhunter FSU Pledge Agreement and Zemenik Trading Pledge Agreement;

[TABLE] (B) | all share certificates for initial shares (according to their determination in the Headhunter FSU Pledge Agreement and Zemenik Trading Pledge Agreement;

[TABLE] (C) | a signed, irrevocable power of attorney in the name of the pledgee in the form, stipulated by the Headhunter FSU Pledge Agreement and Zemenik Trading Pledge Agreement;

[TABLE] (D) | the signed applications of all the directors and officials of HeadHunter FSU and Zemenik Trading about early termination of powers (dismissal) of one’s own will with no date;

[TABLE] (E) | the letters of commitment and authority, made up primarily in the form mentioned in the Headhunter FSU Pledge Agreement and Zemenik Trading Pledge Agreement, signed by all the directors and officials of HeadHunter FSU and Zemenik Trading;

[TABLE] (F) | a certified copy of the decision taken in written form by the Board of Directors of the Borrower about approval of the pledge and transfer of the shares, complied mainly by the form mentioned in the Headhunter FSU Pledge Agreement and Zemenik Trading Pledge Agreement;

[TABLE] (G) | a notification about the pledge, complied mainly by the form mentioned in the Headhunter FSU Pledge Agreement and Zemenik Trading Pledge Agreement with a certified copy of the Headhunter FSU Pledge Agreement and Zemenik Trading Pledge Agreement;

[TABLE] (H) | a certificate, complied mainly by the form mentioned in the Headhunter FSU Pledge Agreement and Zemenik Trading Pledge Agreement, confirming a record of the pledge and a certified copy of the register of participants;

[TABLE] (I) | a signed refusal from the preemptive right with the imposition of the date of the of ELQ Investors and Highworld, complied mainly by the form mentioned in the Zemenik Trading Pledge Agreement;

[TABLE] (J) | a certified copy of the decisions of the shareholders of HeadHunter FSU and Zemenik Trading, taken in written form by quiz with a certified copy of the decision translated in Greek with the Secretary signature, about changes in the company’s charter, including the cancellation of any restrictions on the transfer (alienation) of the relevant shares in favor of the Creditors;

[TABLE] (K) | the signed confirmation of the secretary with no date issued by the HeadHunter FSU and Zemenik Trading concerning the submission by the Cyprus Registrar of Companies of information about changes in the consist of the officials and shareholders in case of foreclosure on the subject of pledge under the HeadHunter FSU Pledge Agreement and Zemenik Trading Pledge Agreement.

[TABLE] 7. | Other documents and evidences

[TABLE] (a) | a certified copy of the Initial Financial Statements of each relevant Debtor;

[TABLE] (b) | the evidence that all commissions and expenses due and payable by the Debtors under any Financial Documents were or will be paid by the first Date of the Sample;

[TABLE] (c) | the confirmation of the funds availability of the Debtors totally in the sum not less than 300 000 000 roubles for the implementation of the Allowed Payment, as mentioned in the paragraph (c) of the definition of Allowed Payments;

[TABLE] (d) | the provision of the Sales and Purchase Agreement 1 and confirmation of the payment of Zemenik Trading to the Seller 55 (fifty five) percent of the purchase price for 100 (one hundred) percent of shares in the authorized capital of HeadHunter FSU under the Sales and Purchase Agreement 1, and also all the necessary confirmations (including confirmations of the state authorities) which are necessary for the conclusion of the Sales and Purchase Agreement 1; the receipt by the Credit Agent of legal opinions and memorandums of the foreign legal advisers, confirming the validity of the Sales and Purchase Agreement 1, and the legal capacity, and powers of the Parties who signed it.

[TABLE] (e) | the documents provision which confirms the implementation of the contribution to the property of the Borrower by Zemenik Trading in the form of 50.1 (fifty one-tenth) percent of shares in the authorized capital of HeadHunter FSU in form and content satisfying the Credit Agent.

[TABLE] (f) | the provision of the Sales and Purchase Agreement 2 and also all the necessary confirmations (including confirmations of the state authorities) which are necessary for the the Sales and Purchase Agreement 2 conclusion, the receipt by the Credit Agent of legal opinions and memorandums of foreign legal advisers, confirming the validity of the Sales and Purchase Agreement 2 and legal capacity, and powers of the Parties who signed it.

[TABLE] (g) | the original payment order of the Borrower to the Credit Agent for the transfer of amounts, received under Tranche A, for partial payment under the Sales and Purchase Agreement.

[TABLE] (h) | the confirmation of payment by Zemenik Trading (including on its behalf and on behalf of Highworld and (or) ELQ Investors) to the Seller of 45 (forty five) percent of the purchase price per 100 (one hundred) of shares in the authorized capital of HeadHunter FSU under the Sales Purchase Agreement 1, if such a payment was made prior to the Date of the Tranche A.

[TABLE] (i) | the confirmation, made on the basis of management accounts, that as of January 2016, the Revenue from Russian clients decreased by no more than 2.5 (two and a half) percent compared to January 2015.

[TABLE] (j) | the confirmation, that the number of active accounts of Headhunter clients (ordering the services of Headhunter in the corresponding period) which carried out the first activation of a paid service on the Sites of Obligor until 2011 (inclusive) for January 2016 decreased by no more than 2.5 (two and a half) percent compared to the same period of January 2015.

[TABLE] (k) | the evidence, required by the Credit Agent for conducting procedures for clients identification.

[TABLE] (l) | the list of affiliates of each Debtor except ELQ Investors and Highworld.

[TABLE] (m) | a copy of the document confirming the opening of the account from the Credit Agent by the Borrower.

[TABLE] (n) | the confirmation in form and content acceptable to the Credit Agent that:

[TABLE] (i) | the amount of loan / loans granted to Zemenik Trading or the Borrower under loan agreements which are the Authorized Financial Liability (excluding the Highworld Dollar Loan), does not exceed the aggregate amount of Tranche B, the commission for the issue of a credit, stipulated by the Article 11.2 (Commission for the issue of a credit) and remuneration to the legal, tax and other consultants in connection with the Agreement, and was used solely for payment of the purchase price to the Seller for shares in the authorized capital of HeadHunter FSU under the relevant Sales and Purchase Agreement, as well as the payment of the commission for the issue of the Credit provided by the Article 11.2 (Commission for the credit issue) and remuneration to the legal, tax and other consultants in connection with the Agreement;

[TABLE] (ii) | neither Headhunter nor HeadHunter FSU has outstanding debts on loans provided by third parties (except the loans to other Group members and loans listed in the Clause 11 (the List of Existing Loans)); and

[TABLE] (iii) | the amount of a loan / loans provided to Headhunter in favor of HeadHunter FSU under the loan agreements that are Authorized Loans does not exceed 3,000,000,000 roubles.

[TABLE] (o) | any other permissions or other documents, conclusions or assurances, about the need or feasibility of which in connection with the conclusion and execution of any Financial Documents and the transactions they provide, or to ensure the validity of any Financial Documents and the possibility of their enforcement, the Credit Agent has informed each of the Debtors.

[TABLE] (p) | the original consent of the Borrower for the receipt by the Financing Parties of the main part of the Borrower’s credit history in accordance with the Law on Credit Histories, dated not earlier than two months prior to the first Selection Date.

[TABLE] (q) | the confirmation of payment remuneration of legal advisers (Orrick (CIS) LLC, Alexandros Economou  ¸ Walkers).

[TABLE] 8. | Legal conclusions

[TABLE] (a) | the legal conclusion prepared by Orrick (CIS) LLC, the legal adviser of the Credit Agent on the Russian legislation;

[TABLE] (b) | the legal conclusion prepared by Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe (Europe) LLP, the legal adviser of the Credit Agent on the English legislation;

[TABLE] (c) | the legal conclusion prepared by Alexandros Economou, the legal adviser of the Credit Agent on the Cyprus legislation; and

[TABLE] (d) | the legal conclusion prepared by Walkers, the legal adviser of the Credit Agent on the British Virgin Islands legislation.

[TABLE] 1. | At term not later than 15 (fifteen) Working Days from the date of signing the Pledge Agreement:

[TABLE] (a) | the originals of certificates of Pledges Registration from the Service of Registration of Companies in Cyprus, which submit, that the Borrower’s Pledge Agreement and Headhunter Pledge Agreement were registered in due time for registration with the Companies Registration of Cyprus in accordance with paragraph 90 of the Companies Act, Chapter 113;

[TABLE] (b) | originals of settlements from the Unified State Register of Legal Entities, confirming the creation of a pledge of 100 (one hundred) percent of the share in the authorized capital of the Borrower and Headhunter;

[TABLE] 2. | At term not later than 5 (five) Working Days from the date of Selection according to the Tranche A – payment confirmation in the full amount of the purchase price under the Sales and Purchase Agreement 1 and on partial payment of the purchase price under the Sales and Purchase Agreement 2.

[TABLE] 3. | At term not later than 14 (fourteen) Working Days from the date of making a record in the Unified State Register of Legal Entities of the Russian Federation about the termination of the Borrower’s activities in connection with its accession to Headhunter:

[TABLE] (a) | each Document relating to the Reorganization, as duly concluded or signed by each Party;

[TABLE] (b) | the original extract from the Unified State Register of Legal Entities, issued by the entitled authority that contains the information as of no earlier than the first Working Day following the completion of the reorganization of the Borrower by accession to Headhunter;

[TABLE] (c) | changes in the Headhunter charter, filled after the completion of the reorganization of the Borrower by accession to Headhunter;

[TABLE] (d) | a record of changes in the Headhunter charter specified in the paragraph (c) mentioned above; and

[TABLE] (e) | other documents or information relating to the reorganization of the Borrower by accession to Headhunter required by the Credit Agent.

[TABLE] 1. | The Tranche A Selection Confirmation in full.

[TABLE] 2. | Confirmation in form and content acceptable to the Credit Agent of the implementation by the Borrower of partial payment under the Sales and Purchase Agreement 2.

[TABLE] 3. | The evidence that all the commissions and charges due and payable by the Debtors under any Financial Documents were and will be paid to the Date of the Tranche B Selection.

[TABLE] 4. | Confirmation of positive net assets of the Borrower and Headhunter.

[TABLE] 5. | Confirmation of compliance with the following financial indicators (which satisfy the Credit Agent) during the period, starting from June 30, 2016 and ending on the Date of the Tranche B Selection:

[TABLE] (a) | the decrease in the total number of Clients (as the term is defined in the Article 17.) of the Borrower and Headhunter (without double accounting) not more than 10 (ten) percent on the basis of data of the month management accounts of the Group (only those Customers who have activated the first activation of the paid service on the Sites of Obligors until 2011 (inclusive) are accounted for);

[TABLE] (b) | the decrease in the total Revenues amount of the Borrower and Headhunter (without double accounting) no more than 5 (five) percent on the basis of the Borrower’s and Hedhunter’s reporting data prepared on the basis of the RAP;

[TABLE] (c) | the decrease in money receipts from Russian Clients by no more than 5 (five) percent based on the Group’s management reporting data, provided in accordance with the paragraph (c) of the Article 17.1 (Financial reporting);

[TABLE] (d) | the Debt Load Indicator (this term is defined in the Article 18.2 (the Debt Load Indicator) is less than 4,0: 1 in accordance with the audited financial statements of the Group for the financial year, provided in accordance with the paragraph (a) of the Article 17.1 (Financial reporting), of the checked Group reporting for the financial half of the year, provided in accordance with the paragraph (b) of the Article 17.1 (Financial reporting), and the monthly management Group reporting.

[TABLE] 1. | The certificate certified by the Borrower, confirming the observance of the Debt Load Indicator on the last Estimated Date at the level of no more than 3.75: 1 taking into account the amount of Tranche B (when testing for the end of the fiscal year or half of the year - based on the most relevant reporting of the Group under IFRS provided in accordance with the paragraphs (a) and (b) of the Article 17.1 (Financial reporting); when testing for the end of the first or third financial quarter - based on the Group’s most relevant management reporting, provided in accordance with the paragraph (c) of the Article 17.1 (Financial Reporting)).

[TABLE] 2. | The evidence that the fee for the Credit issue related to the Tranche C and payable by the Borrower in accordance with the clause (c) of the Article 11.2 (the Fee for the Credit issue) has been paid.

[TABLE] 1. | The certificate certified by the Borrower, confirming the observance of the following conditions:

[TABLE] (a) | the non-decrease of the activation amount by the Headhunter clients, which carried out the first activation of paid services until 2012 (inclusive) for the first half of 2017 compared to the first half of 2016;

[TABLE] (b) | the growth of the activation amount by the Headhunter clients not less than 10 (ten) percent for the first half of 2017 compared to the first half of 2016;

[TABLE] (c) | the revenues growth of Headhunter for more than 15 (fifteen) percent for the first half of 2017 in relation to the first half of 2016 (based on the reporting of Headhunter, prepared in accordance with RAP); and

[TABLE] (d) | the observation of the Debt Load Indicator at a level of no more than 4.00: 1 taking into consideration the use of Tranche D based on the most relevant reporting of the Group under IFRS, provided in accordance with the paragraphs (a) and (b) of the Article 17.1 (the Financial reporting).

[TABLE] 2. | The evidence that the fee for the Credit issue related to the Tranche D and payable by the Borrower in accordance with the paragraph (d) of the Article 11.2 (the Fee for the Credit issue) has been paid.

[TABLE] The Sender: | (the Borrower’s name)

[TABLE] The Receiver: | (the Credit Agent’s name)

[TABLE] The Date: | (.)

[TABLE] 1. | We refer to the Agreement. The terms defined in the Agreement have the same meaning in this Selection Application if they are not given any other meaning in this Selection Application.

[TABLE] 2. | We ask to provide with the Credit according to the (Tranche A)/(Tranche B)/(Tranche C)/(Tranche D) on the next conditions:

[TABLE] The selection date: | (.)

[TABLE] The credit currency: | Roubles.

[TABLE] The amount: | (.).

[TABLE] 3. | We confirm that on the date of the present application [each Initial Requirement for [Tranche B] / [Tranche C] / [Tranche D] specified in the Article 4.1 has been made (Initial Requirements) of the Agreement and]1 all assurances of the circumstances listed in the Article 16 (Assurances of Circumstances) of the Agreement are true.

[TABLE] 4. | The present Credit funds shall be transferred to the (Account).

[TABLE] 5. | The Present Selection Application is irrevocable.

[TABLE] 1 | Include the text in brackets only in the Selection Application according to the Tranche B, Tranche C, Tranche D.

[TABLE] (1) | (.) (open/public)/(closed) joint stock company)/(limited liability company) established in accordance with the legislation of the Russian Federation, registered in the Unified State Register of Legal Entities of the Russian Federation under the number (OGRN): (.), the place of location: (address), in the person of (indicate full name), acting on the basis of the (power of attorney), (the charter) OR (the company/legal entity/limited liability company/(open/public)/(closed) joint stock company), established/organized and existed) in accordance with the rules of law (jurisdiction), (with a place of location/registration/ main office of which is located according to the address (address), in the person of (indicate full name), acting on the basis of (the power of attorney)/(the charter) as assignor (hereinafter referred to as – the Existing Creditor);

[TABLE] (2) | (.) (open/public)/(closed) joint stock company)/(limited liability company) established in accordance with the legislation of the Russian Federation, registered in the Unified State Register of Legal Entities of the Russian Federation under the number (OGRN): (.), the place of location: (address), in the person of (indicate full name), acting on the basis of the (power of attorney), (the charter) OR (the company/legal entity/limited liability company/(open/public)/(closed) joint stock company), established/organized and existed) in accordance with the rules of law (jurisdiction), (with a place of location/registration/ main office of which is located according to the address (address), in the person of (indicate full name), acting on the basis of (the power of attorney)/(the charter) as assignor (hereinafter referred to as – the New Creditor);

[TABLE] (3) | (.) (indicate the full name of the bank – the Credit Agent) as the credit agent (hereinafter referred to as - the Credit Agent).

[TABLE] 1. | INTERPRETATION

[TABLE] 2. | THE SUBJECT OF THE CREDITOR’S RIGHTS ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT

[TABLE] 2.1 | (On the Deal Date, the Existing Creditor concedes, and the New Creditor accepts, the Claim Rights in order and under the conditions specified in the Article 22 (Replacement of the Parties) of the Credit Agreement and in the present Creditor’s Rights Assignment Agreement.) / (On the Deal Date, the Existing Creditor transfers and the New Creditor accepts the Debt in order and under the conditions specified in the Article 22 (Replacement of the Parties) of the Credit Agreement and in this Creditor’s Rights Assignment Agreement.)

[TABLE] 2.2 | The Claims Rights under the Credit Agreement are transferred to the New Creditor free from any Encumbrances.

[TABLE] 3. | THE ORDER OF THE OBLIGATIONS PERFORMANCE BY THE PARTIES

[TABLE] 3.1 | (On the Deal Date, the New Creditor pays to the Existing Creditor the Rights (Claims) Price to the Bank Account).

[TABLE] 3.2 | On the Deal Date, the Existing Creditor terminates to be the Creditor by The Credit Agreement (in the part relating to the Claims Rights), and the New Creditor becomes the Creditor under the Credit Agreement [in the part, relating to the Claims Rights) and is subject to all provisions of the Credit Agreement and other Financial Documents.

[TABLE] 3.3 | The Existing Creditor confirms that that he does not have any information about the Borrower’s having of any objections to such an Existing Creditor that the Borrower may raise against the New Creditor in accordance with the Article 386 of the Civil Code.

[TABLE] 3.4 | The New Creditor confirms that he is informed about all conditions of the Credit Agreement and other Financial Documents, that he conducted (and will continue to conduct) his own independent study and assessment of the financial condition of each Debtor and did not rely on any information, provided to him by the Existing Creditor, when deciding on the signing of this Creditor’s Rights Assignment Agreement.

[TABLE] 3.5 | The new Creditor confirms the appointment of a Credit Agent as the credit agent in accordance with the Article 23.2 (Appointment of a Credit Agent) of the Credit Agreement.

[TABLE] 3.6 | On the Deal Date, the Existing Creditor is obliged:

[TABLE] (a) | to give the New Creditor the documents which certify all the rights of claim of the Existing Creditor as the Creditor under the Credit Agreement, including the original of the Credit Agreement and other Financial Documents, the Party of which is the Existing Creditor, all the amendments and additions to them, copies of the Selection Applications, as well as all the documents confirming the number of the Rights (Requirements) (and Debt) on the Deal Date;

[TABLE] (b) | to give the New Creditor information necessary for the implementation of the Rights (Requirements), including information on the violation of the Credit Agreement by the Borrower; and

[TABLE] (c) | to send notification to the Borrower.

[TABLE] 3.7 | The New Creditor’s obligations for payment of the Rights Price (Requirements) are considered to be executed at the time of receipt of the Rights Price (Claims) amount on the Bank Account of the Existing Creditor.

[TABLE] 3.8 | The Parties are obliged to perform all other actions necessary to fulfill their obligations under the present Article 3 (Procedure for Fulfilling Obligations of the Parties).

[TABLE] 4. | PAYMENTS

[TABLE] (a) | The New Creditor (if applicable):

[TABLE] (b) | The Existing Creditor:

[TABLE] 5. | NOTIFICATIONS

[TABLE] (a) | The New Creditor:

[TABLE] (b) | The Existing Creditor:

[TABLE] (C) | The Credit Agent:

[TABLE] 6. | THE APPLICABLE RIGHT

[TABLE] 7. | The DISPUTE RESOLUTION

[TABLE] 8. | THE AGREEMENT CONCLUSION

[TABLE] From: | (the Current creditor)

[TABLE] Recipient: | (the Borrower)

[TABLE] (address of the Borrower)

[TABLE] Copy: | (the New creditor)

[TABLE] (address of a new creditor)

[TABLE] (THE CURRENT CREDITOR) | (THE CURRENT CREDITOR) | (THE CURRENT CREDITOR) | (THE CURRENT CREDITOR) | (THE CURRENT CREDITOR)

[TABLE] [●] | )

[TABLE] [●] | )

[TABLE] PLACE OF SEAL

[TABLE] (THE NEW CREDITOR) | (THE NEW CREDITOR) | (THE NEW CREDITOR) | (THE NEW CREDITOR) | (THE NEW CREDITOR)

[TABLE] [●] | )

[TABLE] [●] | )

[TABLE] PLACE OF SEAL

[TABLE] (THE CREDIT AGENT) | (THE CREDIT AGENT) | (THE CREDIT AGENT) | (THE CREDIT AGENT) | (THE CREDIT AGENT)

[TABLE] [●] | )

[TABLE] [●] | )

[TABLE] PLACE OF SEAL

[TABLE] 1. | On the basis of the Agreement on the provision of a syndicated loan in the amount of [●] dated [●] (hereinafter referred to as the Agreement), the Borrower shall inform the Credit Agent of compliance with financial constraints as of [the Settlement Date] in accordance with the conditions specified in Article 18 (Obligations under compliance with financial indicators) of the Agreement.

[TABLE] 2. | The terms defined in the Agreement have the same meaning in the present confirmation of compliance with financial indicators, unless they are given a different meaning.

[TABLE] 3. | We confirm that the list of financial indicators in Annex 1 of this financial confirmation of compliance with financial indicators corresponds to the list of financial indicators specified in Article 18 (Obligations for compliance with financial indicators) of the Agreement.

[TABLE] 4. | We confirm that the financial indicators given in Annex 1 to this confirmation of compliance with financial indicators were calculated by us on the basis of the financial accounting prepared in accordance with IFRS as of the Settlement Date.

[TABLE] 5. | We confirm that as of the date of this confirmation of compliance with financial indicators, each condition for compliance with financial indicators specified in Articles 18.2 (Indicator of the Debt Load) and 18.3 (Indicator of the Interest Coverage) of the Agreement was performed.

[TABLE] 6. | [We confirm that, as of the date of this compliance confirmation, the following conditions for compliance with the financial indicators specified in Articles 18.2 (Indicator of the Debt Load) and 18.3 (Indicator of the Interest Coverage) of the Agreement were not performed: [list financial indicators on which violations were committed]. ]

[TABLE] 7. | [We confirm that, as of the date of [●], there is no any Event of default / [the following Events of default occurred, and we take the following measures to eliminate them: [●]].]

[TABLE] 8. | The report of “Financial indicators of the Borrower as of the Settlement Date” is given in Annex 1 to this confirmation of compliance with financial indicators.

[TABLE] 9. | The description of the parameters used in the report of “Financial indicators of the Borrower as of the Settlement Date” is given in Annex 2 to this confirmation of compliance with financial indicators.

[TABLE] No. in
sequence | Name of financial
indicator | Data source | Procedure
of
settlement | Indicator
value | Settlement
date | Event of
default

[TABLE] 1 | Indicator of the Debt Load | [●] | [●] | [●] | [●] | [●]

[TABLE] 2 | Indicator of the Interest Coverage | [●] | [●] | [●] | [●] | [●]

[TABLE] 1. | On the basis of the Agreement on the provision of a syndicated loan in the amount of [●] dated [●] (hereinafter referred to as the Agreement), the Borrower shall inform the Credit Agent of compliance with financial constraints as of [the Settlement Date] in accordance with the conditions specified in Article 18 (Obligations under compliance with financial indicators) of the Agreement.

[TABLE] 2. | The terms defined in the Agreement have the same meaning in the present confirmation of compliance with financial indicators, unless they are given a different meaning.

[TABLE] 3. | We confirm that the list of financial indicators in Annex 1 of this financial confirmation of compliance with financial indicators corresponds to the list of financial indicators specified in Articles 18.4 (Revenue amount under the Russian accounting standards) and 18.6 (Amount of Cash Receipts) of the Agreement.

[TABLE] 4. | We confirm that the financial indicators given in Annex 1 to this confirmation of compliance with financial indicators were calculated by us on the basis of the financial accounting prepared in accordance with Russian accounting standards and management accounting as of the Settlement Date.

[TABLE] 5. | We confirm that as of the date of this confirmation of compliance with financial indicators, each condition for compliance with financial indicators specified in Articles 18.4 (Revenue amount under the Russian accounting standards) and 18.6 (Amount of Cash Receipts) of the Agreement was performed.

[TABLE] 6. | [We confirm that, as of the date of this compliance confirmation, the following conditions for compliance with the financial indicators specified in Articles 18.4 (Revenue amount under the Russian accounting standards) and 18.6 (Amount of Cash Receipts) of the Agreement were not performed: [list financial indicators on which violations were committed]. ]

[TABLE] 7. | [We confirm that, as of the date of [●], there is no any Event of default / [the following Events of default occurred, and we take the following measures to eliminate them: [●]].]

[TABLE] 8. | The report of “Financial indicators of the Borrower as of the Settlement Date” is given in Annex 1 to this confirmation of compliance with financial indicators.

[TABLE] 9. | The description of the parameters used in the report of “Financial indicators of the Borrower as of the Settlement Date” is given in Annex 2 to this confirmation of compliance with financial indicators.

[TABLE] No. in
sequence | Name of financial
indicator | Data
source | Procedure
of
settlement | Indicator
value | Settlement
date | Event of
default

[TABLE] 1 | Revenue amount under the Russian accounting standards | [●] | [●] | [●] | [●] | [●]

[TABLE] 2 | Amount of Cash Receipts | [●] | [●] | [●] | [●] | [●]

[TABLE] Date | Payment amount of Tranche A | Payment amount of Tranche A | Payment amount of Tranche B | Payment amount of Tranche B

[TABLE] (as a percentage of the amount of
Tranche A as of the Tranche A
Drawdown Date) | (as a percentage of the amount of
Tranche A as of the Tranche A
Drawdown Date) | (as a percentage of the amount of
Tranche B as of the Tranche B
Drawdown Date) | (as a percentage of the amount of
Tranche B as of the Tranche B
Drawdown Date)

[TABLE] September 30, 2017 | 2.50 | % | 0 | %

[TABLE] December 31, 2017 | 2.50 | % | 0 | %

[TABLE] March 31, 2018 | 2.50 | % | 0 | %

[TABLE] June 30, 2018 | 2.50 | % | 0 | %

[TABLE] September 30, 2018 | 3.75 | % | 4.50 | %

[TABLE] December 31, 2018 | 3.75 | % | 4.50 | %

[TABLE] March 31, 2019 | 3.75 | % | 4.50 | %

[TABLE] June 30, 2019 | 3.75 | % | 4.50 | %

[TABLE] September 30, 2019 | 3.75 | % | 4.50 | %

[TABLE] December 31, 2019 | 3.75 | % | 4.50 | %

[TABLE] March 31, 2020 | 3.75 | % | 4.50 | %

[TABLE] June 30, 2020 | 3.75 | % | 4.50 | %

[TABLE] September 30, 2020 | 3.75 | % | 4.50 | %

[TABLE] December 31, 2020 | 3.75 | % | 4.50 | %

[TABLE] March 31, 2021 | 3.75 | % | 4.50 | %

[TABLE] Date of Final payment of
Tranche A and Tranche B | 48.75 | % | 50.50 | %

[TABLE] Date | Payment amount of Tranche C | Payment amount of Tranche C | Payment amount of Tranche D | Payment amount of Tranche D

[TABLE] (as a percentage of the amount of
Tranche C as of the Tranche C
Drawdown Date) | (as a percentage of the amount of
Tranche C as of the Tranche C
Drawdown Date) | (as a percentage of the amount of
Tranche D as of the Tranche D
Drawdown Date) | (as a percentage of the amount of
Tranche D as of the Tranche D
Drawdown Date)

[TABLE] date, coming in 15 months after the date of the Agreement on Amendment No. 3 | 2.5 | % | 2.5 | %

[TABLE] date, coming in 18 months after the date of the Agreement on Amendment No. 3 | 2.5 | % | 2.5 | %

[TABLE] date, coming in 21 months after the date of the Agreement on Amendment No. 3 | 2.5 | % | 2.5 | %

[TABLE] date, coming in 24 months after the date of the Agreement on Amendment No. 3 | 2.5 | % | 2.5 | %

[TABLE] date, coming in 27 months after the date of the Agreement on Amendment No. 3 | 3.75 | % | 3.75 | %

[TABLE] date, coming in 30 months after the date of the Agreement on Amendment No. 3 | 3.75 | % | 3.75 | %

[TABLE] date, coming in 33 months after the date of the Agreement on Amendment No. 3 | 3.75 | % | 3.75 | %

[TABLE] date, coming in 36 months after the date of the Agreement on Amendment No. 3 | 3.75 | % | 3.75 | %

[TABLE] date, coming in 39 months after the date of the Agreement on Amendment No. 3 | 3.75 | % | 3.75 | %

[TABLE] date, coming in 42 months after the date of the Agreement on Amendment No. 3 | 3.75 | % | 3.75 | %

[TABLE] date, coming in 45 months after the date of the Agreement on Amendment No. 3 | 3.75 | % | 3.75 | %

[TABLE] date, coming in 48 months after the date of the Agreement on Amendment No. 3 | 3.75 | % | 3.75 | %

[TABLE] date, coming in 51 months after the date of the Agreement on Amendment No. 3 | 3.75 | % | 3.75 | %

[TABLE] date, coming in 54 months after the date of the Agreement on Amendment No. 3 | 3.75 | % | 3.75 | %

[TABLE] date, coming in 57 months after the date of the Agreement on Amendment No. 3 | 3.75 | % | 3.75 | %

[TABLE] date, coming in 60 months after the date of the Agreement on Amendment No. 3 | 3.75 | % | 3.75 | %

[TABLE] Date of Final payment of Tranche C and Tranche D | 45 | % | 45 | %

[TABLE] No. in
sequence | Number and date of
agreement | Creditor | Borrower | Loan amount | Loan amount | Currency

[TABLE] 1. | Loan contract unnumbered, dated 13/01/16-14/01/2019 | HeadHunter LLC | HeadHunter
FSU Limited | 205 000 000 | Rubles

[TABLE] 2. | Loan contract unnumbered, dated 14/03/14-03/04/17 | HeadHunter LLC | HeadHunter
FSU Limited | 451 657 000 | Rubles

[TABLE] 3. | Loan contract unnumbered, dated 27/08/14-02/09/17 | HeadHunter LLC | HeadHunter
FSU Limited | 284 000 000 | Rubles

[TABLE] 4. | Agreement unnumbered, dated 01/06/15 (05/06/2015-05/01/2016) | HeadHunter LLC | HeadHunter
FSU Limited | 70 000 000 | Rubles

[TABLE] 5. | Agreement unnumbered, dated 30/06/15 (30/06/2015-30/06/2017) | HeadHunter LLC | HeadHunter
FSU Limited | 126 000 000 | Rubles

[TABLE] 6. | Agreement unnumbered, dated 17/06/15 (19/06/2015-19/06/2017) | HeadHunter LLC | HeadHunter
FSU Limited | 85 000 000 | Rubles

[TABLE] 7. | Contract unnumbered, dated 16/11/15 (16/11/15-16/11/18) | HeadHunter LLC | HeadHunter
FSU Limited | 775 000 000 | Rubles

[TABLE] 8. | Loan contract dated 19.11.2012 | HeadHunter
FSU Limited | “100PABOT AZ”
LLC | 30 000 | USD

[TABLE] 9. | Loan contract dated 20.05.2013 | HeadHunter
FSU Limited | “100PABOT
AZ”
LLC | 10 000 | USD

[TABLE] 10. | Loan contract dated 09.12.2013 | HeadHunter
FSU Limited | “100PABOT
AZ”
LLC | 10 000 | USD

[TABLE] 11. | Loan contract dated 09.11.2015 | HeadHunter
FSU Limited | “100PABOT
AZ”
LLC | 15 000 | USD

[TABLE] 12. | Loan contract dated 11.07.2014 | LLP
“HEADHUNTER
.KZ” | HeadHunter
FSU Limited | 172 867 678 | Kazakhstan Tenge (KZT)

[TABLE] 13. | Loan contract dated 01.11.2007 | HeadHunter
FSU Limited | CV Keskus OÜ | 1 537 970 | Euro

[TABLE] 14. | Loan agreement dated April 18, 2016 | HeadHunter LLC | HeadHunter
FSU Limited | 500 000 000 | Rubles

[TABLE] 15. | Loan contract dated April 18, 2016 | HeadHunter LLC | Zemenik LLC | 60 100 000 | Rubles

[TABLE] 16. | Loan agreement dated April 18, 2016 | HeadHunter
FSU Limited | Zemenik
Trading Limited | 500 000 000 | Rubles

[TABLE] 1. | Trademarks of debtors

[TABLE] No. in
sequence | Type of
mark | Content | Registration country | International
Classification of Goods
and Services Classes | Priority date | Number of
certificate | Date of
certificate | Term of
registration

[TABLE] 1 | wordmark | HEADHUNTER | Russian Federation | 09,16,35,41,42 | 06/04/2006 | 339197 | 12/12/2007 | 06/04/2026

[TABLE] 2 | wordmark | HEADHUNTER | Russian Federation | 09,16,35,38,41,42 | 22/02/2008 | 401167 | 12/02/2010 | 22/02/2018

[TABLE] 3 | graphic symbol | HH | Russian Federation | 09,16,35,38,41,42 | 22/06/2009 | 410843 | 09/06/2010 | 22/06/2019

[TABLE] 4 | graphic symbol | HH | Russian Federation | 09,16,35,38,41,42 | 22/06/2009 | 410844 | 09/06/2010 | 22/06/2019

[TABLE] 5 | graphic symbol | new wordmark HH | Russian Federation | 09,16,35,38,41,42 | 11/03/2009 | 431008 | 28/02/2011 | 11/03/2019

[TABLE] 6 | graphic symbol | HH | Russian Federation | 09,16,35,38,41,42 | 22/06/2009 | 430120 | 14/02/2011 | 22/06/2019

[TABLE] 7 | wordmark | HRBBRAND | Russian Federation | 09,16,35,38,41,42 | 22/04/2008 | 378423 | 05/05/2009 | 22/04/2018

[TABLE] 8 | wordmark | HR –brand of year | Russian Federation | 09,16,35,38,41,42 | 22/02/2008 | 423350 | 22/11/2010 | 22/02/2018

[TABLE] 9 | wordmark | HR –brand | Russian Federation | 09,16,35,38,41,42 | 08/04/2008 | 388438 | 02/09/2009 | 08/04/2018

[TABLE] 10 | wordmark | HRspace | Russian Federation | 35,36 | 11/12/2015 | 602908 | 24/01/2017 | 11/12/2025

[TABLE] 11 | combined | Data base of labor costs | Russian Federation | 09,16,35,38,41,42 | 18/02/2016 | 622996 | 10/07/2017 | 18/02/2026

[TABLE] 12 | combined | League of HR experts | Russian Federation | 09,16,35,38,41,42 | 18/02/2016 | 615705 | 10/05/2017 | 18/02/2026

[TABLE] 13 | combined | Talent Rating | Russian Federation | 09,16,35,38,41,42 | 18/02/2016 | 606635 | 22/02/2017 | 18/02/2026

[TABLE] 2. | Sites of Debtors

[TABLE] Headhunter LLC (Russia) - http://hh.ru; http://headhunter.ru; http://XX.rf; http://hrbrand.ru/

[TABLE] 3. | Data base

[TABLE] No. in
sequence | Right holder | Type | Name | Registration
country | Registration
country | Number of
application | Number of
application | Date of
application | Date of
application | Number of
certificate | Number of
certificate | Date of certificate

[TABLE] 2015 | 2015 | 2015 | 2015 | 2015 | 2015 | 2015 | 2015 | 2015 | 2015 | 2015 | 2015 | 2015 | 2015 | 2015 | 2015 | 2015 | 2015 | 2015 | 2015 | 2015 | 2015 | 2015 | 2015 | 2015

[TABLE] 1 | HeadHunter LLC | Data base | Data base of HeadHunter LLC | Russia | 2015621116 | August 31,
2015 | 2015621803 | December 21,
2015

[TABLE] No. in
sequence | Case number | Court name | Claimants | Defendants | Subject matter of the
dispute | Claim amount | Current status

[TABLE] 1 | A40-
24718/16-
74-182 | Arbitration Court of the city of Moscow | HeadHunter
LLC,
Russian
Federation | Registrar P01, JSC Kuznetsov A.E. | on the protection of rights to trademarks as a result of registration on Kuznetsov A.E. of the domain http://i-hh.ru | 0 rubles | under
consideration
of the court of
first instance

[TABLE] 2 | - 492/
2015 | Court of Intellectual Rights | HeadHunter
LLC,
Russian
Federation | Belgin
ALTAN | on early termination of the legal protection of the trademark of the defendant KlikMi in class 35 of the ICGS | 0 rubles | under
consideration
of the court of
first instance

[TABLE] 3 | 758/7053/
15- | Initially - Podolsky district court of Kiev
Then the case was transferred to the Obolonsky District Court of Kiev | Marchenko
Maxim
Mikhailovich | HeadHunter LLC, Ukraine | Return of payment under the contract and collection of interest | 138,361 UAH | under
consideration
of the court of
first instance

[TABLE] 4 | 08-21/14-16 | Office of the Federal Antimonopoly Service for the Moscow Region of the Russian Federation | HeadHunter LLC, Russian Federation and JSC “Tinkoff Bank” (Russian Federation) | Violation of the Federal Law of the Russian Federation No. 38-FZ of 13.03.2006 “On Advertising” | According to
the article of
the Code of
Administrative
Offenses of
the Russian
Federation
14.3. | Office of the
Federal
Antimonopoly
Service for
the Moscow
Region of the
Russian
Federation

[TABLE] Number and date of agreement | Creditor | Borrower | Loan amount | Loan end date

[TABLE] Loan Agreement of November 25, 2014 and Supplementary Agreement No. 1 of November 19, 2015 to it | LLC
“HEADHUNTER.KZ” | Krasavsky A.V. | KZT 89 798 000 | 19.11.2016

[TABLE] Loan agreement dated
26.01.2016 | CV Keskus OÜ | Taavo Kuusiku | EUR 15 000 | 10.02.2018

[TABLE] 1. | Sberbank PJSC

[TABLE] 2. | VTB Bank (PJSC)

[TABLE] 3. | Gazprombank (Joint Stock Company)

[TABLE] 4. | Bank “Financial Corporation “Otkrytiye” PJSC

[TABLE] 5. | VTB 24 (PJSC)

[TABLE] 6. | Bank of Moscow JSCB (OJSC)

[TABLE] 7. | UniCredit Bank JSC

[TABLE] 8. | “Moscow Credit Bank” OJSC

[TABLE] 9. | “Promsvyazbank” PJSC

[TABLE] 10. | Raiffeisenbank JSC

[TABLE] 11. | “Rosbank” PJSC

[TABLE] 12. | “Binbank” PJSC

[TABLE] 13. | “Bank” Saint-Petersburg” PJSC

[TABLE] 14. | Khanty-Mansiysk Bank “Otkrytiye” PJSC

[TABLE] 15. | Sovcombank PJSC

[TABLE] 16. | AK Bars JSCB (PJSC)

[TABLE] 17. | City bank JSC CB

[TABLE] 18. | Nordea Bank JSC

[TABLE] 1. | Definitions | 3

[TABLE] 2. | Consents | 4

[TABLE] 3. | Amendments to the Facility Agreement | 7

[TABLE] 4. | Amendments to Amendment Agreement No. 2 | 9

[TABLE] 5. | Limitations | 9

[TABLE] 6. | Additional Undertakings | 9

[TABLE] 7. | Fee | 10

[TABLE] 8. | Representations | 10

[TABLE] 9. | Subsequent Conditions | 10

[TABLE] 10. | Governing Law | 10

[TABLE] 11. | Dispute Resolution | 10

[TABLE] 12. | Execution | 10

[TABLE] Appendix 1 Conditions Precedent | Appendix 1 Conditions Precedent | Appendix 1 Conditions Precedent | 11

[TABLE] (1) | ZEMENIK LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY, established under the laws of the Russian Federation, registered in the Unified State Register of Legal Entities of the Russian Federation under number (OGRN): 1167746153860, with the place of business at: Akademika Ilyushina Street, 4, build. 1, office 54, Moscow, Russian Federation, 125319, duly represented by Karen E. Agayan, its Director General, acting under the Charter (hereinafter referred to as the Borrower);

[TABLE] (2) | VTB BANK (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY) as the Facility arranger (hereinafter referred to as the Arranger);

[TABLE] (3) | VTB BANK (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY) as the lender (hereinafter referred to as the Original Lender); and

[TABLE] (4) | VTB BANK (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY) as the facility agent (hereinafter referred to as the Facility Agent).

[TABLE] (A) | VTB Bank (Public Joint-Stock Company) as the Arranger, Facility Agent and Original Lender and Zemenik Limited Liability Company as the Borrower on May 16, 2016 concluded the syndicated facility agreement for RUB 7,000,000,000 (Seven billion) as amended by amendment agreement No. 1 dated December 14, 2016, amendment agreement No. 2 dated June 28, 2017 and amendment agreement No. 3 dated October 5, 2017 (hereinafter referred to as the Facility Agreement).

[TABLE] (B) | The Borrower submitted to the Facility Agent a request to give consent to certain actions and to amend the Facility Agreement.

[TABLE] (C) | The Parties hereby agreed to amend the Facility Agreement and Amendment Agreement No. 2 as follows.

[TABLE] 1. | DEFINITIONS

[TABLE] 1.1 | Terms

[TABLE] 1.2 | Incorporated Terms

[TABLE] 1.3 | Construction

[TABLE] 1.4 | Purpose

[TABLE] 2. | CONSENTS

[TABLE] 2.1 | Provided that the Effective Date occurs, the Parties agreed:

[TABLE] (a) | Split of Shares: For the purposes of Clause 19.11 (Amendment of Constitutive Documents) of the Facility Agreement and sub-Clause (z) (Amendment of Constitutive Documents) of Clause 4 (Obligations of the Guarantor) of the Deed on Issue of Independent Guarantee of Zemenik Trading, the Facility Agent hereby gives its consent to split of each share of Zemenik Trading in the ratio of 1:500 (each existing share with the nominal value of one euro will be converted into 500 (Five hundred) shares with the nominal value of 0.002 (Zero point two thousandth) euro each) provided that:

[TABLE] (i) | after splitting the shares will be distributed between the existing shareholders of Zemenik Trading while keeping the current percentage:

[TABLE] (A) | 60% of shares belong to Highworld; and

[TABLE] (B) | 40% of shares belong to ELQ VIII Investors Limited; and

[TABLE] (ii) | The Borrower shall provide (or ensure that Zemenik Trading provides) to the Facility Agent the following documents within 15 (Fifteen) Business Days after completion of share split procedure:

[TABLE] (A) | certified copies of all share certificates of Zemenik Trading;

[TABLE] (B) | certified copy of the shareholder register of Zemenik Trading; and

[TABLE] (C) | other documents which the Facility Agent may reasonably request to confirm proper compliance with the provisions of this Clause;

[TABLE] (b) | Change in Form and Name: for the purposes of Clause 9.11 (Amendment of Constitutive Documents) of the Facility Agreement and sub-Clause (z) (Amendment of Constitutive Documents) of Clause 4 (Obligations of the Guarantor) of the Deed on Issue of Independent Guarantee of Zemenik Trading the Facility Agent hereby gives its consent to the following actions:

[TABLE] (i) | change of the form of incorporation of Zemenik Trading from private limited liability company to public limited liability company;

[TABLE] (ii) | rename Zemenik Trading into “HeadHunter Group PLC”; and

[TABLE] (iii) | amend the charter of Zemenik Trading (adopt the new version of the charter),

[TABLE] (A) | certified copies of all constitutive documents of Zemenik Trading; and

[TABLE] (B) | updated Group Structure Scheme certified by the head of the Borrower.

[TABLE] (c) | Additional Issue of Shares: for the purposes of Clause 19.10 (Issue of New Shares or Increase in the Charter Capital), 19.22 (Obligations of Zemenik Trading) of the Facility Agreement and sub-Clause (y) (Issue of New Shares or Increase in the Charter Capital) of Clause 4 (Obligations of the Guarantor) of the Deed on Issue of Independent Guarantee of Zemenik Trading the Facility Agent hereby gives its consent to issue and public placement through public offering by, and including any transactions whereunder the underwriter banks will perform acquisitions from the existing shareholders of, Zemenik Trading of not more than 30,000,000 (Thirty million) additional shares with the nominal value of EUR 0.002 (Zero point two thousandth) each (hereinafter referred to as the Placement) making not more than 37.5 (Thirty-seven point five) percent of the charter capital of Zemenik Trading after Placement, provided that:

[TABLE] (i) | the procedure of splitting the shares of Zemenik Trading stipulated by sub-Clause (a) above will be duly completed and all conditions stipulated by sub-Clause (a) above will be met to the satisfaction of the Facility Agent prior to commencement of additional issue of shares; and

[TABLE] (ii) | the Borrower shall provide (or ensure that Zemenik Trading provides) to the Facility Agent within 15 (Fifteen) Business Days after completion of additional issue of shares the documents which the Facility Agent may reasonably request to confirm proper compliance with the provisions of this Clause;

[TABLE] (d) | Guarantees: for the purposes of Clause 19.7 (Provision of Guarantees and Sureties) of the Facility Agreement and sub-Clause (m) (Provision of Guarantees and Sureties) of Clause 4 (Obligations of the Guarantor) of the Deed on Issue of Independent Guarantee of Zemenik Trading the Facility Agent hereby gives its consent to provision by Zemenik Trading of indemnities in favor of Placement underwriter banks (including their Affiliates), depository bank appointed in connection with Placement and/or The Depository Trust Company for the purposes of Placement to cover possible losses and expenses connected with errors and incomplete disclosure of information provided in the Placement prospectus and exercise by Zemenik Trading of its rights and obligations within the frameworks of Placement (hereinafter referred to as the Unlimited Guarantee), provided that:

[TABLE] (i) | the Placement shall take place before December 30, 2018; and

[TABLE] (ii) | the Borrower shall provide (or ensure that Zemenik Trading provides) to the Facility Agent within 15 (Fifteen) Business Days after provision of the Unlimited Guarantee the extract from the document (s) containing the Unlimited Guarantee and in case of introduction of changes into the Unlimited Guarantee, within 15 (Fifteen) Business Days after of introduction of changes – the certified the extract from the document containing such changes;

[TABLE] (e) | Sale of Headhunter LLP: for the purposes of Clause 19.3 (Disposal of Assets) of the Facility Agreement and sub-Clause (i) (Disposal of Assets) of Clause 4 (Obligations of the Guarantor) of the Deed on Issue of Independent Guarantee of Zemenik Trading the Facility Agent hereby gives its consent to disposal by HeadHunter FSU of its share making 51% of the charter capital of Headhunter LLP (Ukraine) under the stake sale and purchase agreement (hereinafter referred to as Stake SPA) under the following conditions:

[TABLE] (i) | Purchasers: participants of Headhunter LLP—Yuri Kostrykin (a citizen of Ukraine) and Marina Makovy (a citizen of Ukraine) (hereinafter referred to as the Purchasers);

[TABLE] (ii) | purchase price: not less than USD 255,000 or equivalent in another currency (hereinafter referred to as the Purchase Price); and

[TABLE] (iii) | Purchase Price payment procedure:

[TABLE] Payment Term | Amount Payable by each Purchaser, USD

[TABLE] A day falling in 1 year after Stake SPA date | 12,500 (Twelve thousand and five hundred)

[TABLE] A day falling in 2 years after Stake SPA date | 28,750 (Twenty-eight thousand seven hundred and fifty)

[TABLE] A day falling in 3 years after Stake SPA date | 28,750 (Twenty-eight thousand seven hundred and fifty)

[TABLE] A day falling in 4 years after Stake SPA date | 28,750 (Twenty-eight thousand seven hundred and fifty)

[TABLE] A day falling in 5 years after Stake SPA date | 28,750 (Twenty-eight thousand seven hundred and fifty)

[TABLE] (A) | Stake SPA will be concluded not later than on December 30, 2017; and

[TABLE] (B) | the Borrower shall provide (or ensure that Zemenik Trading provides) to the Facility Agent the following documents within 15 (Fifteen) Business Days after conclusion of Stake SPA:

[TABLE] (A) | certified copy of Stake SPA signed by HeadHunter FSU and the respective purchaser and the supporting documents stipulated by Stake SPA; and

[TABLE] (B) | updated Group Structure Scheme certified by the head of the Borrower;

[TABLE] (f) | Amendment of Headhunter Charter: for the purposes of Clause 19.11 (Amendment of Constitutive Documents) of the Facility Agreement the Facility Agent hereby gives its consent to amendment of the Charter of Headhunter in terms of change of the address of Vladivostok Branch of Headhunter within Vladivostok, provided that the Borrower shall provide (or ensure that Headhunter provides) to the Facility Agent within 15 (Fifteen) Business Days after receipt from the tax authority of the documents proving state registration of the respective amendments but in any event within 75 (Seventy-five) Business Days from the date of this Agreement, the notarized copy of the Charter of Headhunter in the new version with the mark of the registering authority and list of entry in respect of registration of amendments to the charter; and

[TABLE] (g) | Reduction of share premium account of Zemenik Trading: for the purposes of Clause 19.9 (Reorganization and Decrease in the Charter Capital) of the Facility Agreement and sub-Clause (x) (Reorganization and Decrease in the Charter Capital) of Clause 4 (Obligations of the Guarantor) of the Deed on Issue of Independent Guarantee of Zemenik Trading the Facility Agent hereby gives its consent to the reduction of the share premium account of Zemenik Trading maintained pursuant to section 55 of the Companies Law Cap. 113 of the Republic of Cyprus for an amount of 1,422,874,344.59 (one billion four hundred twenty-two million eight hundred seventy-four thousand three hundred and forty-four, 59/100) Roubles (in addition to the amount of decrease of the share premium account in the amount of 2,000,000,000 (Two billion) Roubles which is allowed and consented to under sub-Clause (iii) of Clause 19.9 Reorganization and Decrease in the Charter Capital) of the Facility Agreement and sub-Clause (x) (Reorganization and Decrease in the Charter Capital) of Clause 4 (Obligations of the Guarantor) of the Deed on Issue of Independent Guarantee of Zemenik Trading), provided that:

[TABLE] Shareholder | Distribution in
shares | Distribution in
shares | Amount in RUB | Amount in RUB | Euro equivalent
(at the following
exchange rate:
EUR 1 = RUB
85.8563) | Euro equivalent
(at the following
exchange rate:
EUR 1 = RUB
85.8563)

[TABLE] ELQ Investors VIII | 40 | % | 1,369,149,737.84 | 15,946,992.10

[TABLE] Highworld | 60 | % | 2,053,724,606.75 | 23,920,488.15

[TABLE] TOTAL | 100 | % | 3,422,874,344.59 | 39,867,480.25

[TABLE] 2.2 | All documents to be provided to the Facility Agent in compliance with Clause 2.1 above shall be provided with apostille or notarized translation into Russian if applicable.

[TABLE] 2.3 | Failure to comply or improper compliance by the Borrower with any condition of provision of consent specified in Clause 2.1 above shall be an Event of Default for the purposes of the Facility Agreement.

[TABLE] 2.4 | The Parties agreed that the consents stipulated by Clause 2.1 above shall be deemed provided on the Effective Date.

[TABLE] 2.5 | The Parties agreed that if the Effective Date does not occur before the Final Effective Date (inclusively), the effect of Clause 2.1 above shall be automatically terminated on the date following the Final Effective Date and the respective consents shall not be given.

[TABLE] 3. | AMENDMENTS TO THE FACILITY AGREEMENT

[TABLE] 3.1 | Provided that the Effective Date occurs, the Parties agreed to amend the Facility Agreement as follows:

[TABLE] (a) | to exclude sub-Clause (d) (Deed of Pledge of Zemenik Trading) from the definition of the term “Deed of Pledge” in Clause 1.1 (Terms) of the Facility Agreement and to read sub-Clause (e) as sub-Clause (d);

[TABLE] (b) | to change the definition of the term “Deed of Pledge of Zemenik Trading” in Clause 1.1 (Terms) of the Facility Agreement by adding at the end of the definition:

[TABLE] (c) | to supplement Clause 1.1 (Terms) of the Facility Agreement with the term “Unlimited Guarantee” (after the definition of the term “Undrawn Facility Limit”) as follows:

[TABLE] (d) | to supplement Clause 1.1 (Terms) of the Facility Agreement with the term “Amendment Agreement No. 4” (after the definition of the term “Amendment Agreement No. 3”) as follows:

[TABLE] (e) | to amend paragraph (A) of sub-Clause (i) of the definition of “Financial Debt” in Clause 1.1 (Terms) of the Facility Agreement by adding at the end of the paragraph:

[TABLE] (f) | to read sub-Clause (b) of Clause 8.2 (Change of Control) of the Facility Agreement as follows:

[TABLE] “(b) | For the purposes of sub-Clause (a) above and Clause 8.4 (Outstanding Facility Prepayment Fee), “Change of Control” shall mean (except for the changes permitted in compliance with the Finance Documents, including as the result of Permitted Payment or Permitted Reorganization):

[TABLE] (i) | that the Beneficiaries lost the right which they had due to their direct or indirect participation in the charter capital of Zemenik Trading, on the basis of a written agreement, by virtue of law or otherwise, to exercise the voting right (or control exercise of the voting right) based on the share in the charter capital of Zemenik Trading at the level of more than 50% (Fifty percent) of the voting shares of Zemenik Trading;

[TABLE] (ii) | that the Beneficiaries stopped to jointly, directly or indirectly, own the share in the charter capital of Zemenik Trading at the level of more than 50% (Fifty percent) of the voting shares of Zemenik Trading; or

[TABLE] (iii) | that the Beneficiaries lost the right to appoint or dismiss (including by means of substitution) from their office the majority of the members of the managing bodies of Zemenik Trading.

[TABLE] (i) | Elbrus Capital Fund II, L.P. (registration number 63023, registered address: 190 Elgin Avenue, KY1-9005 George Town, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands) and

[TABLE] (ii) | Elbrus Capital Fund II B, L.P. (registration number 68103, registered address: 190 Elgin Avenue, KY1-9005 George Town, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands); and

[TABLE] (iv) | Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (registration number 2923466, registered address: 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19801, United States of America).”

[TABLE] (g) | to amend sub-Clause (b) of Clause 21.5 (Breach of Obligations to Third Parties) of the Facility Agreement by inserting the following wording at the end of the abovementioned sub-Clause:

[TABLE] 3.2 | The Parties agreed that the amendments and supplements stipulated by Clause 3.1 above shall be deemed effective from the Effective Date.

[TABLE] 3.3 | The Parties agreed that if the Effective Date does not occur before the Final Effective Date (inclusively), the effect of Clause 3.1 above shall be automatically terminated on the date following the Final Effective Date and the respective amendments and supplements shall not be effective.

[TABLE] 3.4 | For the avoidance of doubt, for the purposes of calculation of time periods stipulated in the Facility Agreement, the Parties hereby agree that:

[TABLE] a) | the Final Repayment Date for the Tranche C and D; and

[TABLE] b) | the date falling 60 months after the date of the Amendment Agreement No.3 to the Facility Agreement

[TABLE] 4. | AMENDMENTS TO AMENDMENT AGREEMENT NO. 2

[TABLE] 5. | LIMITATIONS

[TABLE] (a) | The binding nature of consents, amendments and supplements stipulated by Clause 2 (Consents) and Clause 3 (Amendments to the Facility Agreement) shall be conditional (as stipulated by Article 3271 of the Civil Code) upon provision by the Borrower to the Facility Agent of the documents and information set forth in Appendix  1 (Conditions Precedent), in the form satisfactory for the Facility Agent, while the corporate approvals and powers of attorney shall be mandatory provided in the form of original or notarized copy. A date on which the Facility Agent confirmed to the Lenders and the Borrower that it received such documents, information and confirmations shall be the Effective Date.

[TABLE] (b) | Amendments and supplements introduced into the Facility Agreement and Amendment Agreement No. 2 in compliance with this Agreement shall be limited to the amendments and supplements set forth in Clause 3 (Amendments to the Facility Agreement) and Clause 4 (Amendments to Amendment Agreement No. 2), respectively. Any other provisions of the Facility Agreement (except for those specified in Clause 3 (Amendments to the Facility Agreement) and Clause 4 (Amendments to Amendment Agreement No. 2)) shall not be amended and supplemented by this Agreement.

[TABLE] (c) | Nothing in this Agreement shall affect the rights of Finance Parties or shall be considered as waiver of rights in respect of Default on which the Borrower failed to notify before the date of this Agreement or which occurs after the date of this Agreement.

[TABLE] (d) | This Agreement shall not release the Borrower from any obligations stipulated by the Facility Agreement except for the cases directly envisaged by Clause 2 (Consents).

[TABLE] 6. | ADDITIONAL UNDERTAKINGS

[TABLE] 7. | FEE

[TABLE] 8. | REPRESENTATIONS

[TABLE] (a) | The Borrower shall make representations to each Finance Party on the circumstances stated in Clause 16 (Representations on Circumstances) of the Facility Agreement.

[TABLE] (b) | The representations on circumstances specified in sub-Clause (a) above shall be made by the Borrower on the date of this Agreement with reference to the circumstances existing on the date of this Agreement.

[TABLE] (c) | References to the representations on circumstances made in compliance with sub-Clause (a) above to the Facility Agreement and the Finance Documents shall include the references to this Agreement as well.

[TABLE] 9. | SUBSEQUENT CONDITIONS

[TABLE] 10. | GOVERNING LAW

[TABLE] 11. | DISPUTE RESOLUTION

[TABLE] (a) | Any dispute in connection with this Agreement, including that related to construction of its provisions, its existence, validity or termination, shall be subject to extra-judicial settlement by one of the Parties sending the respective claim (demand) to the another Party. If the Party does not receive a response to the claim (demand) sent and the dispute is not settled within 10 (Ten) Business Days from the date of receipt of the respective claim (Demand) by the other Party, such dispute may be transferred for consideration to court in compliance with Clause (b) below.

[TABLE] (b) | Subject to the provisions of Clause (a) above, in case of any dispute in connection with this Agreement, including that related to construction of its provisions, its existence, validity or termination, such dispute shall be settled by the Arbitration Court of Moscow.

[TABLE] 12. | EXECUTION

[TABLE] 1. | New Finance Documents

[TABLE] 1.1 | This Agreement duly executed by each Party.

[TABLE] 1.2 | Supplementary Agreement to Deed on Issue of Independent Guarantee duly executed between the Borrower, the Facility Agent and Zemenik Trading.

[TABLE] 1.3 | A letter of consent to the Deed of Pledge of the Borrower and the Independent Guarantee of Zemenik Trading in the form acceptable to the Facility Agent duly executed by Zemenik Trading.

[TABLE] 1.4 | A letter of consent to the Deed of Pledge of Headhunter and the Independent Guarantee of HeadHunter FSU in the form acceptable to the Facility Agent duly executed by HeadHunter FSU.

[TABLE] 1.5 | A letter of consent to the Independent Guarantee of HeadHunter in the form acceptable to the Facility Agent duly executed by HeadHunter.

[TABLE] 1.6 | A letter of confirmation in respect of obligations of the Borrower under the Deed of Pledge of HeadHunter FSU duly executed by the Borrower.

[TABLE] 1.7 | A termination agreement in respect of Deed of Pledge of Zemenik Trading executed by Highworld.

[TABLE] 1.8 | A termination agreement in respect of Deed of Pledge of Zemenik Trading executed by ELQ Investors VIII.

[TABLE] 2. | Necessary Corporate Documents in respect of the Borrower and Headhunter

[TABLE] 2.1 | Notarized copy of:

[TABLE] (i) | duly registered charter of the Debtor and valid amendments and supplements thereto with the mark of the competent tax authority (including the respective lists of entry or registration certificates);

[TABLE] (ii) | certificate on state registration of the Debtor;

[TABLE] (iii) | certificate on registration of the Debtor with the tax authority where the company is located.

[TABLE] 2.2 | Up-to-date extract from the Unified Register of Legal Entities in respect of the Debtor issued by the competent tax authority containing information as of the date not earlier than 7 (Seven) days before the date of this Agreement (including in the form of an electronic document with protected digital signature of the competent tax authority).

[TABLE] 2.3 | Certificate as of the date not earlier than 14 (Fourteen) days before the date of this Agreement issued by the tax authority with which the Debtor is registered on absence of outstanding liabilities to the state budget and other extra-budgetary funds or, if there are such outstanding liabilities, on availability of repayment schedule agreed upon with the respective authority.

[TABLE] 2.4 | Notarized or, if applicable, apostilled copy of the resolution of the authorized management body of the Debtor on approval of conditions of the New Finance Documents to which the relevant Debtor is a party and transactions contemplated thereby and any related transactions, including (in the respective cases) on approval of the transaction as a major transaction and/or an interested-party transaction (as these terms are defined in the legislation of the Russian Federation).

[TABLE] 2.5 | Certified copies of documents on appointment of the sole executive body or other authorized signatories stipulated by the charter of the Debtor.

[TABLE] 2.6 | Notarized or, if applicable, apostilled copy of the power of attorney which grants to the authorized persons of each Debtor the powers necessary to sign the New Finance Documents to which it is a party or, where applicable, to sign or send any documents or notifications in connection with the New Finance Documents to which the relevant Debtor is a party

[TABLE] 2.7 | Cards with sample signatures of each person authorized to sign on behalf of each Debtor the New Finance Documents to which it is a party or to sign or send any documents or notifications in connection with and Finance Documents.

[TABLE] 2.8 | A document signed by the authorized representative of the Debtor proving, inter alia, that:

[TABLE] (i) | each document (original or copy) provided by each Debtor or on its behalf in compliance with this Appendix 1 is true, contains complete and up-to-date information, have full legal effect, was not amended, canceled, withdrawn or terminated and that as of the date not earlier than the date of this Agreement no new documents were issued in connection with the matters covered in the respective document;

[TABLE] (ii) | all corporate approvals required in compliance with the applicable law in respect of the New Finance Documents to which the relevant Debtor is party and transactions contemplated thereby, including approval of such transactions as major transactions and/or interested-party transactions were obtained by the relevant Debtor;

[TABLE] (iii) | the total value of transactions contemplated by the New Finance Documents to which the relevant Debtor is party exceeds 50 (Fifty) percent of the book value of assets of the relevant Debtor; and

[TABLE] (iv) | with respect to the Borrower—the Law on Regulated Procurement does not apply to conclusion of Finance Documents by the Borrower to which it is a party (while such confirmation should not apply to application of the Law on Regulated Purchases to any Finance Party).

[TABLE] 3. | Necessary Corporate Documents in respect of Zemenik Trading and HeadHunter FSU

[TABLE] 3.1 | Apostilled copy of the certificate of incorporation issued by the Registrar of Companies of Cyprus.

[TABLE] 3.2 | Apostilled copy of the memorandum of incorporation and articles of association (with all amendments and supplements) in Greek (with the stamp of the Registrar of Companies) and English.

[TABLE] 3.3 | Apostilled original of the certificate on the address of the registered office issued by the Registrar of Companies of Cyprus and dated not earlier than 15 (Fifteen) days before the date of this Agreement.

[TABLE] 3.4 | Apostilled original of the certificate on directors and secretary issued by the Registrar of Companies of Cyprus and dated not earlier than 15 (Fifteen) days before the date of this Agreement.

[TABLE] 3.5 | Apostilled original of the certificate on shareholders issued by the Registrar of Companies of Cyprus and dated not earlier than 15 (Fifteen) days before the date of this Agreement.

[TABLE] 3.6 | Certified copy of the register of directors and secretaries dated not earlier than 1 (One) day before the date of this Agreement.

[TABLE] 3.7 | Certified copy of the register of participants dated not earlier than 1 (One) day before the date of this Agreement.

[TABLE] 3.8 | Certified copy of the register of mortgage and other pledges dated not earlier than 1 (One) day before the date of this Agreement.

[TABLE] 3.9 | Original incumbency certificate which is acceptable to the Facility Agent in for and essence together with all documents provided in compliance with such incumbency certificate.

[TABLE] 3.10 | Notarized or, if applicable, apostilled copy of the resolution of the board of directors and shareholders or any other authorized body as stipulated by the constitutive documents of each Debtor:

[TABLE] (i) | on approval of the conditions of the New Finance Documents to which the respective Debtor is a party and transactions contemplated thereby and that the respective Debtor shall sign the New Finance Documents to which the respective Debtor is a party;

[TABLE] (ii) | on granting to the respective person or respective persons the powers necessary to sign the New Finance Documents to which the respective Debtor is a party on behalf of the respective Debtor; and

[TABLE] (iii) | on granting to the respective person or respective persons the powers necessary to sign on behalf of the respective Debtor all documents and notifications to be signed by the respective Debtor in compliance or in connection with the Finance Documents to which the respective Debtor is a party.

[TABLE] 3.11 | Notarized or, if applicable, apostilled copy of the power of attorney which grants to the authorized persons of the respective Debtor the powers necessary to sign the New Finance Documents to which the respective Debtor is a party or, in the respective cases, to sign or send any documents or notifications in connection with the New Finance Documents to which the respective Debtor is a party.

[TABLE] 3.12 | Original sample signature of each person entitled under the resolution mentioned in sub-Clause (ii) of Clause 4.10 above.

[TABLE] 3.13 | Original document signed by the authorized representative of the respective Debtor proving that each document (original or copy) provided by each of the respective Debtor or on behalf of the respective Debtor in compliance with this Appendix  1 is true, contains complete and up-to-date information, have full legal effect, was not amended, canceled, withdrawn or terminated and that as of the date not earlier than the date of this Agreement no new documents were issued in connection with the matters covered in the respective document.

[TABLE] 4. | Other Documents and Evidence

[TABLE] 4.1 | Evidence that all fees (including the fee stipulated by Clause 7.1 of this Agreement) and expenses due and payable by the Debtors under any Finance Documents were or will be paid.

[TABLE] 4.2 | Any other permits or other documents, opinions or representations on the necessity or expediency of which in connection with conclusion and execution of any Finance Documents and transactions contemplated thereby or to secure legal force of any Finance Documents and their enforceability the Facility Agent has informed each of the Debtors.

[TABLE] 4.3 | Confirmation of payment of the fee of legal advisors (Herbert Smith Freehills CIS LLP and Alexandros Economou).

[TABLE] 5. | Legal Opinions

[TABLE] (a) | legal opinion prepared by Herbert Smith Freehills CIS LLP, a legal advisor of the Facility Agent on Russian law; and

[TABLE] (b) | legal opinion prepared by Alexandros Economou, a legal advisor of the Facility Agent on Cyprus law,

[TABLE] Full Name: | Karen E. Agayan

[TABLE] Position: | Director General

[TABLE] Arranger

[TABLE] VTB BANK (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY) | VTB BANK (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY) | VTB BANK (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY)

[TABLE] Signature:

[TABLE] Full Name: | Vitaly N. Buzoverya

[TABLE] Position: | Representative by proxy

[TABLE] Facility Agent

[TABLE] VTB BANK (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY) | VTB BANK (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY) | VTB BANK (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY)

[TABLE] Signature:

[TABLE] Full Name: | Vitaly N. Buzoverya

[TABLE] Position: | Representative by proxy

[TABLE] Original Lender

[TABLE] VTB BANK (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY) | VTB BANK (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY) | VTB BANK (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY)

[TABLE] Signature:

[TABLE] Full Name: | Vitaly N. Buzoverya

[TABLE] Position: | Representative by proxy

[TABLE] 1. | DEFINITIONS | 28

[TABLE] 2. | AMENDMENTS | 29

[TABLE] 3. | LIMITATIONS | 29

[TABLE] 4. | REPRESENTATIONS | 29

[TABLE] 5. | FURTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS | 30

[TABLE] 6. | APPLICABLE LAW | 30

[TABLE] 7. | DISPUTE SETTLEMENT | 30

[TABLE] 8. | EXECUTION | 30

[TABLE] 9. | FINAL PROVISIONS | 30

[TABLE] APPENDIX 1 | APPENDIX 1 | APPENDIX 1 | 32

[TABLE] REVISED PARTICIPATORY INTEREST PLEDGE AGREEMENT | REVISED PARTICIPATORY INTEREST PLEDGE AGREEMENT | REVISED PARTICIPATORY INTEREST PLEDGE AGREEMENT | 32

[TABLE] (1) | ZEMENIK TRADING LIMITED, registration number HE 332806, address (location) of the legal entity: 42 Dositheou, Strovolos 2028, Nicosia, Cyprus, represented by Karen Eduardovich Agayan, born on 04.14.1981, passport No. 45 13 062783, issued by the Department of the Administration of the Federal Migration Services of Russia for Moscow for Konkovo District on February 26, 2013, subdivision code 770-117, registration address: 91, Profsoyuznaya St., apt. 43, Moscow, acting under the Power of Attorney dated September 28, 2017, certified by G. Demetriou, a notary of Nicosia, Cyprus, apostille No. 210695/17 dated September 28, 2017, as a pledgor (the “Pledgor”); and

[TABLE] (2) | BANK VTB (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY), a public joint-stock company incorporated under the laws of the Russian Federation, registered in the Unified State Register of Legal Entities (EGRUL) under number (Primary State Registration Number (OGRN)): 1027739609391, with its office at the address: 29, B. Morskaya St., Saint Petersburg, Russia, 190000,represented by Vitaly Nikolaevich Buzoverya, the Head of the Credit Department and the Senior Vice President, a citizen of Russia, born on 07.29.1974, passport No. 46 02 772136, issued by the Department of the Interior of Zhukovsky Town of Moscow Region on July 2, 2002, subdivision code 502-005, registration address: 11, Dzerzhinskogo St., apt. 83, Zhukovsky, acting under Power of Attorney No. 350000/21  dated January 13, 2017, certified by R. V. Ryabov, a notary of Moscow, and registered in the register under number 1-3, as a pledgee (the “Pledgee”).

[TABLE] (A) | The Pledgee and the Pledgor have entered into the Agreement of Pledge of a Participatory Interest in the Authorized Capital of Zemenik LLC dated May 26, 2016, certified by R. V. Ryabov, a notary of Moscow, number in the register being 2-501, (the “Participatory Interest Pledge Agreement”) under which the Pledgor pledged to the Pledgee 100 (one hundred) percent participatory interest in the authorized capital of the Company as a security for fulfillment of the Company’s obligations under the Loan Agreement.

[TABLE] (B) | According to Amendment Agreement No. 3 of the Loan Agreement dated October 5, 2017, (hereinafter referred to as “Amendment Agreement No. 3”) concluded between, inter alia, the Company as the Borrower and the Pledgee as the Arranger, a credit agent and an original lender, the Company and the Pledgee agreed to amend the Loan Agreement, inter alia, to increase the loan amount up to RUB 7,000,000,000 (seven billion Rubles).

[TABLE] (C) | The Parties hereby agree to make such amendments to the Participatory Interest Pledge Agreement as specified herein to ensure the fulfillment of the Company’s obligations under the Loan Agreement as amended by Amendment Agreement No. 3.

[TABLE] 1. | DEFINITIONS

[TABLE] 1.1. | Terms

[TABLE] 1.2. | Embedded Terms

[TABLE] 1.3. | Interpretation

[TABLE] 1.4. | Purpose

[TABLE] 2. | AMENDMENTS

[TABLE] 3. | LIMITATIONS

[TABLE] (a) | The mandatory nature of amendments provided for by Article 2 (Amendments) is established by the coming of Amendment Agreement No. 3 into force (as provided for by Article 3271 of the Civil Code). A date on which the Credit Agent will confirm to the Company the receipt of documents, information and approvals necessary for coming of Amendment Agreement No. 3 into force is the “Effective Date”.

[TABLE] (b) | Any amendments to the Participatory Interest Pledge Agreement hereunder shall be limited to the amendments specified in Article 2 (Amendments). No other provisions of the Participatory Interest Pledge Agreement (except for those specified in Article 2 (Amendments)) shall be amended hereby.

[TABLE] (c) | This Agreement shall not release the Pledgor from any obligations provided for by the Participatory Interest Pledge Agreement.

[TABLE] 4. | REPRESENTATIONS

[TABLE] (a) | The Pledgor shall submit the Pledgee representations of circumstances specified in Article 5 (Representations of Circumstances of the Pledgor) of the Participatory Interest Pledge Agreement.

[TABLE] (b) | Any representations of circumstances specified in Clause (a) above shall be provided by the Pledgor on the date of this Agreement with a reference to the circumstances existing on the date hereof.

[TABLE] (c) | Any references to the Participatory Interest Pledge Agreement in such representations on circumstances as provided according to Clause (a) above shall be deemed as including, inter alia, references to this Agreement.

[TABLE] 5. | FURTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS

[TABLE] (a) | within 5 (five) Business Days after signing hereof, a copy of the Pledgor’s register of pledges showing the amended information on the terms and conditions of pledge according to Article 99 of the Companies Act of the Republic of Cyprus, Cap. 113;

[TABLE] (b) | within 10 (ten) Business Days after signing hereof, a proof of the fact that an application on change of information on pledge has been filed to the Registrar of Companies of Cyprus according to Article 90 of Companies Act of the Republic of Cyprus, Cap. 113; and

[TABLE] (c) | within 30 (thirty) Business Days after signing hereof, a proof of registration of change of information on pledge issued by the Registrar of Companies of Cyprus according to Article 93 of Companies Act of the Republic of Cyprus, Cap. 113.

[TABLE] 6. | APPLICABLE LAW

[TABLE] 7. | DISPUTE SETTLEMENT

[TABLE] 8. | EXECUTION

[TABLE] 9. | FINAL PROVISIONS

[TABLE] (A) | According to the Syndicated Loan Agreement in the wording specified in Amendment Agreement No. 3 (the “Loan Agreement”) executed on May 16, 2016, between the Pledgee as an organizer, a credit agent and an original lender and the Company as a borrower, the Pledgee agreed to grant the Company funds in Rubles in an amount not exceeding RUB 7,000,000,000 (7 billion Rubles) under the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement.

[TABLE] (B) | One of the preconditions for granting of the Loan to the Company under the Loan Agreement is execution of this Agreement.

[TABLE] (C) | This Agreement is a Financial Document as defined in the Loan Agreement.

[TABLE] (D) | The Pledgor is aware of the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement and other Financial Documents.

[TABLE] 1. | TERMS AND DEFINITIONS

[TABLE] 2. | COLLATERAL AND A SECURED OBLIGATION

[TABLE] 2.1. | In order to secure a due, timely and complete fulfillment of the Obligations, the Pledgor pledges to the Pledgee a 100 percent (One hundred percent) participatory interest in the authorized capital of the Company, with a par value of RUB 10,000 (Ten thousand Rubles) as an original pledge (not a subsequent one) granting the Pledgee a preemptive right of satisfaction of Pledgee’s claims against any claims of other persons (except as provided by laws) in respect of any Obligations under Clause 2.3 hereof by means of a received disposal cost of the Collateral.

[TABLE] 2.2. | The Parties evaluate the Collateral’s price to be RUB 10,000 (Ten thousand Rubles). The cost of the Collateral agreed in this Clause 2.2 is not deemed to be an initial sale price in case of enforcement. The initial sale cost of the Collateral is estimated under Article 4 (Conditions of and Procedure for Enforcement of the Collateral) hereof.

[TABLE] 2.3. | The Pledgor shall hereby be liable to the Pledgee for a due, timely and complete fulfillment of the Obligations, including, but not limited to:

[TABLE] 2.3.1. | payment of an aggregate principal of the Loan of RUB 7,000,000,000 (Seven billion) to be finally repaid within 1,825 (One thousand eight hundred and twenty-five) calendar days from the date of Amendment Agreement No. 3 in the manner established by Article 7 (Loan Repayment) of the Loan Agreement (inter alia, in case of a mandatory early repayment provided for by the Loan Agreement);

[TABLE] 2.3.2. | payment of interest according to Article 9 (Interest) of the Loan Agreement due on each Interest Payment Date according to the provisions of Article 9.3 (Interest Payment) of the Loan Agreement. An interest rate for the Outstanding Loan for each Interest Period is an annual interest rate equal to an amount of:

[TABLE] (a) | a margin of:

[TABLE] (i) | 3.7 (three point seven) percent per annum for any Interest Period starting before the date of Amendment Agreement No. 3; or

[TABLE] (ii) | 2.0 (two) percent per annum

[TABLE] (A) | for any Interest Period starting from the date of Amendment Agreement No. 3 or thereafter; or

[TABLE] (B) | 2.5 (two point five) percent per annum in any cases specified in Article 9.2 (Margin Adjustment) of the Loan Agreement; and

[TABLE] (b) | the Key Interest Rate;

[TABLE] 2.3.3. | payment of a penalty according to Article 9.4 (Penalty) of the Loan Agreement due if the Company fails to timely fulfill an obligation of payment of any amount due under the Financial Document; such penalty being 2/365 interest rate established under Article 9.1 (Interest Calculation) of the Loan Agreement taking into account the provisions of Article 9.2 (Margin Adjustment) of the Loan Agreement, of an overdue debt of the Outstanding Loan for each day of delay. A penalty is calculated on an overdue amount during a period from a date following an established maturity date to a date of actual payment (prior to or after delivery of a judgment);

[TABLE] 2.3.4. | payment of reimbursement for funds available for granting the Loan under Article 11.1 (Fee for the Obligation under the Agreement) of the Loan Agreement, which amount shall be calculated as follows:

[TABLE] (a) | at the rate of 0.15 (zero point one five) percent per annum of an amount of the Unused Loan Limit within Tranche A (without deduction of an amount to be granted);

[TABLE] (b) | at the rate of 0.5 (zero point five) percent per annum of an amount of the Unused Loan Limit within Tranche B (without deduction of an amount to be granted),

[TABLE] (a) | in respect of the Unused Loan Limited of Tranche A, on the last day of the Disbursement Period of Tranche A or on the Disbursement Date of Tranche A, whichever occurs first;

[TABLE] (b) | in respect of the Unused Loan Limited of Tranche B, on the last Business Day of each calendar month within the Disbursement Period of Tranche B or on the last day of the Disbursement Period of Tranche B, whichever occurs first.

[TABLE] 2.3.5. | payment of a Lenders’ consideration for granting the Loan under Article 11.2 (Loan Extension Fee) of the Loan Agreement which amounts to:

[TABLE] (a) | 1.5 (one point five) percent of Tranche A;

[TABLE] (b) | 1.5 (one point five) percent of Tranche B;

[TABLE] (c) | 0.25 (zero point two five) percent of Tranche C; and

[TABLE] (d) | 0.25 (zero point two five) percent of Tranche D

[TABLE] 2.3.6. | reimbursement to the Parties to the Financing for any costs or losses to be reimbursed under Articles 14.1 (Reimbursement for Currency Costs), 14.3 (Reimbursement for Costs of the Credit Agent) and 14.4 (Transaction-Related Costs), 14.5 (Amendment Costs) of the Loan Agreement.

[TABLE] 2.3.7. | reimbursement to the Parties to the Financing for any documented costs (including fees of any legal and other advisers) incurred by a Party to the Financing because of a mandatory performance of any Financial Document or protection of its rights under the Financial Documents, including, but not limited to any cases of seizure, maintenance, preparation for sale, sale or other enforcement of the Collateral and its sale hereunder or a judicial protection of rights of the Lenders under the Loan Agreement and (or) this Agreement.

[TABLE] 2.3.8. | reimbursement to the Parties to the Financing for any expenses under Article 14.2 (Reimbursement for Other Costs) of the Loan Agreement incurred by a Party to the Financing as a result of:

[TABLE] (a) | occurrence of the Event of Default;

[TABLE] (b) | impossibility to grant the Loan to the Company against the Disbursement Request pursuant to any provisions of the Loan Agreement; or

[TABLE] (c) | Company’s inability to early repay the Outstanding Loan or a part thereof, in spite of an early repayment notice submitted to the Credit Agent.

[TABLE] 2.3.9. | payment of any other amounts due under the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement;

[TABLE] 2.3.10. | full return of any funds obtained by the Company if the Loan Agreement is not valid, and payment of such interest for an illegal use of the funds and/or for use of third parties’ funds as accrued under the applicable laws, as well as reimbursement for any losses (except for lost profit) incurred as a result of an illegal use of such funds.

[TABLE] 2.4. | The Pledgor’s ownership of the Collateral and the authorities to dispose of it shall be proved by:

[TABLE] (a) | the Sale and Purchase Agreement for a Participatory Interest in the Authorized Capital of the Company dated April 6, 2016, between K. E. Agayan as a seller and the Pledgor as a buyer; and

[TABLE] (b) | the extract from the EGRUL w/o No. issued on May 26, 2016.

[TABLE] 2.5. | The pledge right arises for the Pledgee since the state registration with an authority performing state registration of legal entities.

[TABLE] 2.6. | The pledge arising hereunder fully secures the Obligations as they are by the time of satisfaction, including interest, penalty, reimbursement for losses (except for lost profit) caused by a delay in fulfillment, as well as reimbursement for all costs of the Pledgee necessary for foreclosure.

[TABLE] 2.7. | Until the pledge of the Collateral is expired or terminated, the rights of the member of the Company (including the rights to vote at the general meeting of members of the Company and to participate in the management of the Company) shall be exercised by the Pledgor, unless the Company receives a Pledgee’s written notice sent in any Event of Default provided for by Article 21 (Events of Default) of the Loan Agreement (including failure of the Pledgor to fulfill any obligations provided for hereby) (except for any cases of provision by the Credit Agent of waivers of the Lenders to exercise their rights under the Loan Agreement in any Events of Default under the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement). Since the receipt of such notice by the Company (until the Credit Agent revokes it, if applicable), member’s rights (all or any specified in the notice) shall be exercised by the Pledgee. Such notice shall also be sent to the Pledgor.

[TABLE] 2.8. | The Collateral shall not be subject to insurance.

[TABLE] 2.9. | The pledge shall remain in force if the Collateral passes to any third parties.

[TABLE] 2.10. | A subsequent pledge agreement may be concluded by the Pledgor with any third party provided that the following terms and conditions are met:

[TABLE] (a) | a subsequent pledge agreement shall provide for the same Collateral enforcement procedure and the same methods of disposal of the pledged property as this Agreement;

[TABLE] (b) | a subsequent pledge agreement shall provide for a prohibition against filing any claims by a subsequent pledgee to the debtor in terms of early fulfillment of the obligation secured by the subsequent pledge if the Pledgee enforces the pledged property; and

[TABLE] (c) | if a subsequent pledgee enforces the Collateral and the Pledgee also files a claim to enforce the pledged property, the Pledgee shall be entitled to choose the Collateral enforcement manner and a method of disposal of the pledged property. An appraiser, a tender organizer and a disposal price must be determined under the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

[TABLE] 2.11. | If the Obligations are partially fulfilled, the pledge of the Collateral shall remain in its original volume until the Obligations are fulfilled completely.

[TABLE] 2.12. | If there are any adjustments of the authorized capital of the Company in the manner established by the laws of the Russian Federation, provided that the provisions of the Loan Agreement and this Agreement are fulfilled, the Pledgor and the Pledgee shall, within 15 (Fifteen) Business Days from the date of state registration of such changes amending the Articles of Association of the Company, enter into a supplementary agreement hereto, as well as take any necessary actions for securing of the Pledgee’s pledge right for the Pledgor’s participatory interest in the adjusted authorized capital of the Company if the conclusion of such supplementary agreement and (or) taking of such actions for securing of the pledge right are required by law; the Pledgee shall always retain a participatory interest of the size as specified in Clause 2.1 hereof.

[TABLE] 3. | PLEDGOR’S OBLIGATIONS

[TABLE] 3.1. | Execute the pledge according to the laws of the Russian Federation.

[TABLE] (a) | registration of the pledge created hereunder in the EGRUL; and

[TABLE] (b) | existence of Encumbrance of the Collateral created hereunder.

[TABLE] 3.2. | Execute the pledge according to the laws of the Republic of Cyprus.

[TABLE] 3.2.1. | The Pledgor shall, within 10 (Ten) Business Days from the date of this Agreement, provide the Pledgee acting as the Credit Agent under the Loan Agreement with a certified copy of the register of mortgages and other pledges of the Pledgor; such register shall prove making an entry on this Agreement under Clause 99(1) of Companies Act, Cap. 113, as amended.

[TABLE] 3.2.2. | Within 15 (Fifteen) Business Days from the date of this Agreement, the Pledgor shall provide the Pledgee acting as the Credit Agent under the Loan Agreement with an original pledge registration certificate issued by the Registrar of Companies in Cyprus proving that this Agreement has been registered within due time limits by the Registrar of Companies in Cyprus under Clause 90 of Companies Act, Cap. 113, as amended.

[TABLE] 3.3. | Collateral

[TABLE] 3.3.1. | The Pledgor shall not dispose of the Collateral or replace the Collateral without the prior written consent of the Pledgee acting as the Credit Agent under the Loan Agreement, inter alia, shall not pledge or otherwise encumber the Collateral, except if the provisions of Clause 2.10 above are fulfilled;

[TABLE] 3.3.2. | The Pledgor shall not take any actions contradicting any terms or conditions of this Agreement which will or may lead to the loss of the Collateral or decrease in its cost;

[TABLE] 3.3.3. | The Pledgor shall immediately notify the Pledgee if there arises a possibility to lose the title to the Collateral; shall notify the Pledgee of any actions of third parties against the Collateral and/or their claim on the Collateral, of any such Encumbrance imposed on the Collateral which violates any terms and conditions hereof, as well as of occurrence of any other circumstances related to the Collateral which may have a negative impact on the Pledgor’s ability to fulfill its obligations hereunder or have any material negative impact on the status and priority of the Pledgee’s rights hereunder; shall bear any necessary costs for settlement of any arising conflicts for protection of the Collateral; shall claim the Collateral from any third party’s illegal possession under the laws of the Russian Federation; shall immediately notify the Pledgor in writing of any information received by the Pledgor from third parties and related to any offer or a binding resolution (order, decree, judgment, instruction, etc.) of a governmental or local authority concerning any transfer of the Collateral to any third party (irrespective of a transfer method) or related to any offer of transfer of any rights to the Collateral or a part thereof to third parties;

[TABLE] 3.3.4. | If the Collateral is lost, the Pledgor shall, within 60 (Sixty) days from the loss of the Collateral, offer the Lenders any respective property to replace the lost Collateral, and the Pledgor shall, within 120 (One hundred and twenty) days from the date of agreement of the property which will replace the Collateral with the Pledgee acting as the Credit Agent under the Loan Agreement, provide an equal property (whose composition is agreed with the Lenders) instead of the lost Collateral and (or) extend this Agreement to any other property whose composition is agreed with the Lenders for the market price of such property to be not less than the market price of the lost property;

[TABLE] 3.3.5. | If the whole Collateral or any part thereof is withdrawn by any authority or with the help thereof, inter alia, in the process of requisition, confiscation or nationalization of the Collateral, or if there is any other action or omission of an authority which will influence the use or the cost of the Collateral, the Pledgor shall take all necessary measures for reservation and protection of the rights and interests of the Pledgee in respect of the Collateral affected by such event, including filing of claims for damages, and faithfully assist the Pledgee in carrying out actions that the Pledgee may deem necessary in connection with any of the events described above;

[TABLE] 3.3.6. | In case of a dispute with any third parties regarding the Collateral, the Pledgor shall fulfill its procedural obligations in good faith, including presentation of evidence proving that the Collateral belongs to the Pledgor.

[TABLE] 3.4. | Prohibition Against Reorganization and Reduction of the Authorized Capital of the Company

[TABLE] 3.5. | Prohibition Against Increase of the Authorized Capital of the Company

[TABLE] 3.6. | Prohibition Against any Amendments to the Constituent Documents of the Company

[TABLE] 3.7. | Restrictions on Payment of Dividends by the Company

[TABLE] 3.8. | Information

[TABLE] 3.8.1. | In case of any such changes in information about the Pledgor within the validity term of this Agreement as may affect the proper fulfillment of any obligations hereunder by the Pledgor, the Pledgor shall notify the Pledgee acting as the Credit Agent under the Loan Agreement, of such changes within 7 (Seven) Business Days from the date of state registration of such changes;

[TABLE] 3.8.2. | The Pledgor shall notify the Pledgee acting as the Credit Agent under the Loan Agreement in writing of changing the location or postal address of the Pledgor within 20 (Twenty) days from the date of such change.

[TABLE] 3.8.3. | The Pledgor shall notify the Pledgee acting as the Credit Agent under the Loan Agreement in writing of any resolution of the authorized management body of the Pledgor to liquidate and (or) reorganize the Pledgor, immediately after the adoption of such resolution.

[TABLE] 3.9. | Enforcement.

[TABLE] 3.10. | Permissions and Corporate Approvals.

[TABLE] 3.11. | Additional General Obligations

[TABLE] 3.11.1. | The Pledgor shall ensure that it takes all necessary actions and signs any documents within the scope of its authorities (including submission of documents and registration) for creation, execution, implementation, protection and reservation of security hereunder which is provided to the Pledgee;

[TABLE] 3.11.2. | The Pledgor shall assist the Pledgee in exercising control over the Pledgor’s fulfillment of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, assist the Pledgee in carrying out inspections of documents on the existence and condition of the Collateral. The Pledgor shall provide such documents within:

[TABLE] (a) | 10 (Ten) Business Days from the date of receipt of the relevant request if the Pledgor or the Company has relevant documents or they can be obtained by the Pledgor or the Company within the specified period; or

[TABLE] (b) | within a reasonable time if the Pledgor and the Company do not have relevant documents and they cannot be obtained by the Pledgor or the Company within the specified period;

[TABLE] 3.11.3. | The Pledgor shall not disclose the contents of this Agreement and any information relating to the performance hereof to third parties, except for the cases described in Article 28.2 (Disclosure of Confidential Information) of the Loan Agreement.

[TABLE] 4. | CONDITIONS OF AND PROCEDURE FOR ENFORCEMENT OF THE COLLATERAL

[TABLE] 4.1. | In case of failure to fulfill or improper fulfillment (including a one-time event) of any of the Obligations taking into account the restrictions established by the Loan Agreement, the occurrence of any Event of Default as provided for in Article 21 (Events of Default) of the Loan Agreement (except for any cases of provision by the Credit Agent of waivers of the Lenders to exercise their rights under the Loan Agreement in any relevant Event of Default under the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement), as well as in other cases provided for by law, the Pledgee is entitled to enforce the Collateral at its discretion judicially or extra-judicially.

[TABLE] 4.2. | In case of enforcement of the Collateral in a judicial or extra-judicial procedure, it is disposed at the discretion of the Pledgee, inter alia, in any sequence:

[TABLE] 4.2.1. | when enforced in court:

[TABLE] (a) | by sale of the Collateral at public tenders;

[TABLE] (b) | by retaining of the Collateral by the Pledgee;

[TABLE] (c) | by sale of the Collateral by the Pledgee to any third party (third parties);

[TABLE] 4.2.2. | when enforced extra-judicially:

[TABLE] (a) | by sale of the Collateral by the Pledgee to any third party (third parties);

[TABLE] (b) | by retaining of the Collateral by the Pledgee;

[TABLE] (c) | by sale of the Collateral at open tenders conducted by a tender organizer acting under an agreement with the Pledgee.

[TABLE] 4.3. | Such extra-judicial procedure for enforcement of the Collateral as provided for in this Agreement is not a pre-judicial dispute settlement procedure. When applying to a court, the Pledgee is not obliged to provide evidence that it has taken (or not taken) actions to enforce the Collateral in an extra-judicial manner established by this Agreement. The beginning of an extra-judicial enforcement of the Collateral does not prevent the Pledgee against filing a claim in court to enforce the Collateral at any time.

[TABLE] 4.4. | The Pledgee may, at its own discretion, foreclose both the entire Collateral and part of the participatory interest forming the Collateral, while retaining the opportunity later to enforce the remaining part of the participatory interest forming the Collateral.

[TABLE] 4.5. | If the Collateral is enforced extra-judicially, as specified in Clause 4.2.2 above, the Collateral shall be disposed not earlier than 8 (Eight) Business Days after the receipt by the Pledgor of the Notice sent to its address under Clause 8.3 below.

[TABLE] 4.6. | The Pledgor shall assist the Pledgee in the foreclosure and disposal of the Collateral and timely submit all necessary documents which shall be duly executed.

[TABLE] 4.7. | In order to dispose of the Collateral, the Pledgee may, on its own behalf, make all necessary transactions which are relevant to its legal capacity, inter alia, with an organizer of public tenders, and also sign and receive all necessary documents, including, but not limited to acceptance certificates.

[TABLE] 4.8. | If the Pledgee disposes of the Collateral to any third party (third parties) judicially or extra-judicially or if the Pledgee retains the Collateral, the disposal price of the Collateral (a price at which the Pledgee may retain the Collateral) shall be determined as equal to the market cost of the Collateral established in the Appraiser’s Report.

[TABLE] 4.9. | If the Pledgee disposes of the Collateral at any tender to any third party (third parties) judicially or extra-judicially, the initial sale price of the Collateral from which the tender starts shall be determined equal to 80% of the market cost of the Collateral established in the Appraiser’s Report.

[TABLE] 4.10. | If the Collateral is enforced extra-judicially and a tender has been declared failed because less than two buyers appeared or if there was no bid at a tender, a subsequent tender shall be held by a consistent lowering of the price down from the initial sale price at the first tender. In that case, the sale price of the Collateral shall be consistently reduced by 5 (Five) percent of the initial sale price at the first tender. If the sale price is reduced by 30 (Thirty) percent of the initial sale price at the first tender, the amount of the further decrease in the sale price of the Collateral shall be set at 3 (Three) percent of the initial sale price at the first tender. In that case, such sale price of the Collateral as established at a subsequent tender conducted by successively reducing the price from the initial sale price at the first tender cannot be less than 50 (Fifty) percent of the initial sale price at the first tender.

[TABLE] 4.11. | If an independent appraiser is engaged, it shall be selected at the discretion of the Pledgee from among the following appraisers: KPMG Joint-Stock Company, Deloitte CIS Holdings Limited, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLC, and Ernst & Young Global Limited. An agreement between an appraiser and the Pledgee shall be concluded on conditions acceptable to the Pledgee. The Pledgor shall bear any costs related to payment for appraiser’s services. If the Pledgee pays for appraiser’s services, the Pledgor shall reimburse for the Pledgee’s costs within 10 (Ten) Business Days from the sending a documented claim by the Pledgee to the Pledgor under Clause 8.3 below.

[TABLE] 4.12. | In case of the foreclosure and disposal of the Collateral, the Appraiser’s Report shall be prepared not less than 3 (Three) months prior to the date of sending the Notice (in case of an extra-judicial enforcement) or at least 3 (Three) months prior to the date of applying to a court (in case of a judicial enforcement).

[TABLE] 4.13. | If the Collateral is enforced by selling at a tender, a tender organizer shall be a specialized entity or another person registered in the Russian Federation, chosen by the Pledgee and acting under an agreement concluded with such tender organizer.

[TABLE] 4.14. | If the Collateral is sold to any third party (third parties) judicially or extra-judicially, the Pledgee shall, within 3 (Three) Business Days from the date of crediting of funds, i.e. a price of the sold Collateral, to a Pledgee’s account, send to the Pledgor a copy of the sale and purchase agreement certified by the Pledgee (copies of such agreements) concluded with a buyer of the Collateral.

[TABLE] 4.15. | If an amount received from the disposal of the Collateral or a price at which the Pledgee retains the Collateral exceeds a claim amount of the Pledgee, the difference shall be returned to the Pledgor.

[TABLE] 4.16. | If the Collateral is enforced, such difference shall be returned to the Pledgor within 10 (Ten) Business Days from the date of crediting of funds, i.e. a disposal price of the Collateral to a Pledgee’s account (from the date of acquiring of the title to the Collateral by the Pledgee if it retains the Collateral).

[TABLE] 4.17. | The Pledgor may cease the foreclosure of the Collateral within a period prior to its disposal (such period may not be shorter than the period specified in Clause 4.5 above) fulfilling the Obligation or the part thereof the fulfillment of which is delayed. Besides, the Pledgee shall cease the foreclosure of the Collateral if the Company or any of the Guarantors fulfills the Obligation or the part thereof the fulfillment of which is delayed within a period prior to its disposal (such period may not be shorter that the period specified in Clause 4.5 above)

[TABLE] 5. | REPRESENTATIONS OF PLEDGOR’S CIRCUMSTANCES

[TABLE] 5.1. | Status

[TABLE] 5.1.1. | The Pledgor is a legal entity duly incorporated and legally acting under the applicable law; and

[TABLE] 5.1.2. | The Pledgor is the full owner of the property belonging to it and carries out its activities under the applicable law.

[TABLE] 5.2. | Legal Capacity and Authority

[TABLE] 5.2.1. | The Pledgor has the legal capacity and authority to execute and perform this Agreement and the transaction envisaged hereby and has obtained all necessary approvals for execution and performance of this Agreement in the manner provided for by law and its constituent and other internal regulations, including the approval of the transaction provided for herein. A person acting on behalf of the Pledgor may enter into this Agreement;

[TABLE] 5.2.2. | The pledge created hereunder does not have any signs of a transaction requiring the obtainment by the Pledgor of the consent of an anti-monopoly authority for its performance, in particular, under Federal Law of the Russian Federation No. 135-  dated July 26, 2006, “On Protection of Competition”;

[TABLE] 5.3. | Validity

[TABLE] 5.3.1. | This Agreement is a legitimate, valid, binding and enforceable obligation of the Pledgor;

[TABLE] 5.3.2. | This Agreement is drawn up in a form ensuring its enforceability in the Russian Federation.

[TABLE] 5.4. | Absence of Contradictions

[TABLE] (a) | the applicable law of the Russian Federation and the Republic of Cyprus or other legislation that, in the reasonable opinion of the Pledgor, is applicable;

[TABLE] (b) | its constituent and other internal regulations;

[TABLE] (c) | any resolutions of its management bodies; and

[TABLE] (d) | any other documents or agreements that are binding on the Pledgor.

[TABLE] 5.5. | Title

[TABLE] 5.6. | Collateral

[TABLE] 5.6.1. | A participatory interest being the Collateral has been duly recognized in the balance sheet of the Pledgor, has been fully paid in accordance with the legislation of the Russian Federation, the Articles of Association and resolutions of the Company’s management bodies, and the Pledgor has no obligations to the Company and/or third parties to pay the Collateral;

[TABLE] 5.6.2. | Neither the Pledgor, nor the Company provided any option for acquisition, rights of pre-emption, rights of first refusal or any other rights being the right to purchase participatory interest in the authorized capital of the Company, except for such preemptive right of members to acquire a participatory interest as provided for by law;

[TABLE] 5.6.3. | The constituent documents of the Company do not provide for any restrictions on and prohibitions against the pledge of the Collateral under this Agreement in favor of a third party, transfer of the right to the specified Collateral upon concluding this Agreement and its enforcement, the preemptive right to purchase a participatory interest or a part thereof in the authorized capital by the Company at a price determined in the Articles of Association in advance, except as provided for by law;

[TABLE] 5.6.4. | The Company has not concluded any agreements on exercising of rights of members with its members;

[TABLE] 5.6.5. | No court, arbitration or administrative proceedings have been initiated against the Collateral, and no investigative actions have been taken. The Collateral is not seized, restricted, prohibited, or encumbered.

[TABLE] 5.7. | Registration Requirements

[TABLE] 5.8. | Priority of the Pledge

[TABLE] 5.9. | Regulated Procurement

[TABLE] 6. | TERM OF PROVISION OF REPRESENTATIONS OF CIRCUMSTANCES

[TABLE] 6.1. | The Pledgor shall give representations specified in Article 5 (Representations of Circumstances of the Pledgor) hereof at the date of this Agreement.

[TABLE] 6.2. | Except where any representations of the Pledgor shall be given on a certain date, all representations are considered to be given by the Pledgor on the date of the Disbursement Request, on each Disbursement Date and on the first day of each Interest Period.

[TABLE] 6.3. | If any representations are provided again, they are extended to the circumstances existing at the time of their subsequent submission.

[TABLE] 6.4. | The representations contained in Clause 5.6.5 are given only as of the date of this Agreement.

[TABLE] 7. | REIMBURSEMENT FOR DAMAGE AND COSTS

[TABLE] 8. | FINAL PROVISIONS

[TABLE] 8.1. | Any messages sent by the Parties under this Agreement shall be made in writing and may be sent by courier, by mail with return receipt, by fax or by e-mail. For the purposes of this Agreement, a message transmitted using electronic means of communication shall be deemed to be in writing.

[TABLE] 8.2. | Any message or document sent by the Parties in connection with this Agreement shall be deemed to have been received (except for cases of notification in accordance with the laws of the Russian Federation in case of enforcement of the Collateral and other cases expressly provided for by the Agreement):

[TABLE] (a) | after receiving a message in a legible form when sent by fax or by another method which allows to establish reliably that the message is from a respective Party; or

[TABLE] (b) | upon delivery to the relevant address when sent by courier; or

[TABLE] (c) | upon delivery to the relevant address or 5 (Five) Business Days after submitting to the post office when sent by mail with return receipt, whichever occurs first.

[TABLE] 8.3. | Unless otherwise provided for below, the contact details of each Party for all messages in connection with this Agreement are data which such Party reported to the Pledgee acting as the Credit Agent under the Loan Agreement for this purpose.

[TABLE] (a) | Contact information of the Pledgor:

[TABLE] Zemenik Trading Limited | Zemenik Trading Limited | Zemenik Trading Limited

[TABLE] Address: | 42 Dositheou, Strovolos 2028, Nicosia, Cyprus

[TABLE] Mail address: | 42 Dositheou, Strovolos 2028, Nicosia, Cyprus

[TABLE] Fax: | +35722679096

[TABLE] E-mail: | info@fiduserve.com

[TABLE] Attn: | The Directors / Stelios Haralambous

[TABLE] Contact information of the Pledgee: | Contact information of the Pledgee: | Contact information of the Pledgee:

[TABLE] Bank VTB (Public Joint-Stock Company) | Bank VTB (Public Joint-Stock Company) | Bank VTB (Public Joint-Stock Company)

[TABLE] Address: | 29, Bolshaya Morskaya St., Saint Petersburg, 190000

[TABLE] Mail address: | 43 Vorontsovskaya St., bld. 1, Moscow, 109147

[TABLE] Fax: | +7 495 775-54-54

[TABLE] Telephone: | +7 495 956-71-48

[TABLE] E-mail: | loanadmin@msk.vtb.ru; TM21@msk.vtb.ru

[TABLE] Attn: | Credit Authority

[TABLE] (b) | Any Party may change its contact details by sending a respective notice to the other Party at least 5 (Five) Business Days prior to such change.

[TABLE] (c) | If a Party specifies a particular division or official as a recipient of a message, such message shall not be considered to be sent if such division or official is not designated as the recipient.

[TABLE] 8.4. | The Pledgor hereby gives the Pledgee the consent to be liable for performance of the obligations under the Loan Agreement, inter alia, if the Lenders increase the interest rate unilaterally under the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement, as well as if any amendments are made to the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement, including, but not limited to, in case of change of any terms or other conditions of repayment of the Loan, interest rates, commissions and fees, conditions of ensuring the performance of obligations under the Loan Agreement, penalties, and shall be liable for a complete fulfillment of the obligations under the Loan Agreement in accordance with the amended terms or conditions of the Loan Agreement.

[TABLE] 8.5. | If the Company’s rights and obligations under the Loan Agreement are transferred by succession to another person and/or the loan under the Loan Agreement is transferred, the Pledgor hereby expresses its consent to be liable for the new debtor under the Loan Agreement. The transfer of debt under the Loan Agreement does not result in extinction of pledge hereunder.

[TABLE] 8.6. | The Pledgor hereby confirms that it is aware of all the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement, inter alia, all circumstances that are the basis for filing a claim for the Company’s early performance of obligations under the Loan Agreement, and there is no excuse for the Pledgor to claim to be unaware.

[TABLE] 8.7. | The Pledgor shall not have the right to raise any objections against the Pledgee’s claims that may be raised by the Company as a borrower under the Loan Agreement.

[TABLE] 8.8. | The Pledgor hereby agrees that if the debt under the Loan Agreement is early claimed or enforcement hereunder occurs, the Pledgee may transfer any information directly or indirectly related to the Agreement to a third party engaged by the Pledgee at its discretion to settle the debt.

[TABLE] 8.9. | If the Lender under the Loan Agreement cedes its rights and/or transfers obligations under the Loan Agreement and other Financial Documents to another bank, another credit or financial institution, a fund, the Central Bank of the Russian Federation or a third party in accordance with Article 20.2 (Assignment of Rights and Transfer of Obligations by the Lenders) of the Loan Agreement (hereinafter referred to as the “New Lender” for the purposes of this Clause), then such New Lender becomes the Pledgee under this Agreement provided that a respective entry is made in the EGRUL.

[TABLE] 8.10. | The Pledgee shall, within 15 (Fifteen) Business Days from the date of a complete fulfillment of the Obligations, at the request of the Pledgor, sign an application together with the Pledgor to the body carrying out the state registration of legal entities, on termination of pledge of the Collateral and perform other actions required by law for termination of pledge of the Collateral.

[TABLE] 8.11. | Such material change in circumstances as described in Article 451 of the Civil Code cannot serve as a basis for amending or terminating this Agreement on the initiative of the Pledgor. For the avoidance of doubt, the Parties hereby confirm that this Clause 8.11 does not limit the right of the Parties to modify or terminate this Agreement on the terms and conditions stipulated herein or by agreement of the Parties.

[TABLE] 8.12. | This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Parties arising out of this Agreement shall be governed and construed by the laws of the Russian Federation.

[TABLE] 8.13. | If any provision hereof becomes invalid or inconsistent with the laws of the Russian Federation due to any changes in the laws of the Russian Federation in effect at the conclusion hereof, all other provisions hereof shall remain valid.

[TABLE] 8.14. | If any dispute arises in connection with this Agreement, including, but not limited to, any dispute concerning its provisions, existence, validity or termination, such dispute shall be settled by the Moscow Arbitration Court.

[TABLE] 8.15. | This Agreement shall be subject to notarization. All amendments hereto shall be in writing and notarized.

[TABLE] 8.16. | The Agreement shall come into force upon being notarized and shall be valid until the Parties have fulfilled their obligations in full.

[TABLE] 8.17. | This Agreement is made in three counterparts, one shall be kept by Roman Vasilyevich Ryabov, a notary of Moscow, at the address: 9, Krasnoproletarskaya St., Moscow, one for the Pledgee, and one for the Pledgor.

[TABLE] 8.18. | The Parties agree that the Company shall be notified by the Pledgor of the pledge of the Collateral.

[TABLE] 8.19. | The contents of Articles 334-358 of the Civil Code, Article 22 of Federal Law No. 14-  “On Limited Liability Companies” dated February 08, 1998, Articles 94.1, 94.2, 94.3, 94.4 of the Fundamental Principles of Legislation of the Russian Federation on the Notarial Services have been explained by the notary to the Parties.

[TABLE] Full name, signature:

[TABLE] Karen Eduardovich Agayan | /signature/

[TABLE] Full name, signature:

[TABLE] Vitaly Nikolaevich Buzoverya | /signature/

[TABLE] Position: Attorney-in-Fact

[TABLE] L.S. | /signature/ | R. V. Ryabov

[TABLE] Seal:
[MOSCOW NOTARY R. V. RYABOV
INN (Taxpayer Identification Number) 770305583110]

[TABLE] Stamp: | Stamp: | Stamp:

[TABLE] [Bound, numbered and sealed 26 (twenty-six) sheets] | [Bound, numbered and sealed 26 (twenty-six) sheets] | [Bound, numbered and sealed 26 (twenty-six) sheets]

[TABLE] Notary | /signature/                 ]

[TABLE] HERBERT
SMITH
FREEHILLS | EXECUTION COPY

[TABLE] 1. | DEFINITIONS | 53

[TABLE] 2. | AMENDMENTS | 54

[TABLE] 3. | LIMITATIONS | 54

[TABLE] 4. | REPRESENTATIONS | 55

[TABLE] 5. | APPLICABLE LAW | 55

[TABLE] 6. | DISPUTE SETTLEMENT | 55

[TABLE] 7. | EXECUTION | 55

[TABLE] APPENDIX 1 REVISED INDEPENDENT GUARANTEE ISSUE AGREEMENT | APPENDIX 1 REVISED INDEPENDENT GUARANTEE ISSUE AGREEMENT | APPENDIX 1 REVISED INDEPENDENT GUARANTEE ISSUE AGREEMENT | 56

[TABLE] (1) | HEADHUNTER FSU LIMITED, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Cyprus, registration number HE 178226, address (location) of the legal entity: 42 Dositheou, Strovolos 2028, Nicosia, Cyprus, as the guarantor hereunder (the “Guarantor”);

[TABLE] (2) | ZEMENIK LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Russian Federation, registered in the Unified State Register of Legal Entities of the Russian Federation under number (OGRN (Primary State Registration Number)): 1167746153860, located at: 4 Akademika Ilyushina St., bld. 1, office 54, Moscow, the Russian Federation, 125319, as the principal hereunder and the Borrower under the Loan Agreement (the “Borrower”); and

[TABLE] (3) | BANK VTB (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY), a public joint-stock company incorporated under the laws of the Russian Federation, registered in the Unified State Register of Legal Entities (EGRUL) under number (Primary State Registration Number (OGRN)): 1027739609391, with its office at the address: 29, Bolshaya Morskaya St., Saint Petersburg, Russia, 190000, as the beneficiary hereunder and the Credit Agent, Organizer and Original Lender under the Loan Agreement (the “Original Lender” and the “Credit Agent”)

[TABLE] (A) | The Original Lender as a credit agent, organizer and original lender and the Borrower as a borrower have entered into the Syndicated Loan Agreement dated May 16, 2016, as amended by Amendment Agreement No. 1 dated December 14, 2016, Amendment Agreement No. 2 dated June 28, 2017, and Amendment Agreement No. 3 dated October 5, 2017, (hereinafter referred to as “Amendment Agreement No. 3”) by which the Lender and the Borrower agreed to amend the Loan Agreement, inter alia, to increase a loan amount up to RUB 7,000,000,000 (seven billion Rubles).

[TABLE] (B) | The Parties entered into the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement dated June 1, 2016, (the “Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement”), and the Guarantor issued an independent guarantee dated June 1, 2016, in favor of the Original Lender under the Guarantee Issue Agreement (the “Guarantee”).

[TABLE] (C) | The Guarantor hereby confirms that it is aware of all the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement as amended by Amendment Agreement No. 3 and does not have the right to invoke the fact that it was not aware of such terms and conditions.

[TABLE] (D) | The Parties hereby agree to make such amendments to the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement and to the Guarantee as specified herein to ensure the fulfillment of the Borrower’s obligations under the Loan Agreement as amended by Amendment Agreement No. 3.

[TABLE] 1. | DEFINITIONS

[TABLE] 1.1. | Terms

[TABLE] 1.2. | Embedded Terms

[TABLE] 1.3. | Interpretation

[TABLE] 1.4. | Purpose

[TABLE] 2. | AMENDMENTS

[TABLE] (a) | The Parties agree that the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement shall be amended as specified in Appendix 1 (Revised Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement) since the date of this Agreement; the rights and obligations of the Parties under the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement shall be governed and construed under the Revised Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement since the date of this Agreement.

[TABLE] (b) | The Guarantor shall amend the Guarantee to reflect changes in the Secured Obligations and other amendments that are made to the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement in accordance with Clause (a) above (taking into account such amendments, hereinafter referred to as the “Revised Guarantee”).

[TABLE] 3. | LIMITATIONS

[TABLE] (a) | Any amendments to the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement hereunder shall be limited to the amendments specified in Article 2 (Amendments). No other provisions of the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement (except for those specified in Article 2 (Amendments)) shall be amended hereby.

[TABLE] (b) | The Guarantor hereby agrees to be liable for the obligations of the Borrower arising out of the Loan Agreement, for the avoidance of doubt, inter alia, taking into account the amendments introduced by Amendment Agreement No. 3, and confirms that the Guarantee is valid, has full legal force, and the Guarantor continues its due fulfillment of the obligations under the Revised Guarantee in accordance with its terms and conditions, as well as with the terms and conditions of the Revised Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement.

[TABLE] (c) | This Agreement does not relieve the Guarantor of any obligations under the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement or the Guarantee.

[TABLE] 4. | REPRESENTATIONS

[TABLE] (a) | The Guarantor grants the Original Lender the representations of circumstances set forth in Article 3 (Representations of Circumstances of the Guarantor) of the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement.

[TABLE] (b) | Any representations of circumstances specified in Clause (a) above shall be provided by the Guarantor on the date of this Agreement with a reference to the circumstances existing on the date hereof.

[TABLE] (c) | Any references to the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement in such representations of circumstances as provided according to Clause (a) above shall be deemed as including, inter alia, references to this Agreement.

[TABLE] 5. | APPLICABLE LAW

[TABLE] 6. | DISPUTE SETTLEMENT

[TABLE] (a) | If any dispute, inter alia, concerning its provisions, existence, validity or termination, arises in connection with this Agreement, such dispute shall be subject to pre-trial settlement by sending a respective claim by either Party to the other Party. If a Party does not receive an answer to the sent claim and if the dispute is not settled within 10 (ten) Business Days from the date of receipt of the claim by the other Party, such dispute may be referred to court under Sub-Clause (b) below.

[TABLE] (b) | According to the provisions of Sub-Clause (a) above, if any dispute arises in connection with this Agreement, including, but not limited to, any dispute concerning its provisions, existence, validity or termination, such dispute shall be settled by the Moscow Arbitration Court.

[TABLE] 7. | EXECUTION

[TABLE] 1. | TERMS AND DEFINITIONS | 59

[TABLE] 2. | INDEPENDENT GUARANTEE AND REIMBURSEMENT OF LOSSES | 63

[TABLE] 3. | REPRESENTATIONS OF GUARANTOR’S CIRCUMSTANCES | 64

[TABLE] 4. | OBLIGATIONS AND LIABILITY OF THE GUARANTOR | 67

[TABLE] 5. | VALIDITY TERM | 77

[TABLE] 6. | PAYMENT CLAIM, PAYMENTS, TAXES AND CURRENCY | 78

[TABLE] 7. | NOTICES | 80

[TABLE] 8. | MISCELLANEOUS | 82

[TABLE] 9. | CLAIM ASSIGNMENT AND DEBT TRANSFER | 82

[TABLE] 10. | APPLICABLE LAW | 83

[TABLE] 11. | DISPUTE SETTLEMENT | 83

[TABLE] 12. | COUNTERPARTS | 83

[TABLE] APPENDIX 1 TERMS OF THE LOAN AGREEMENT | APPENDIX 1 TERMS OF THE LOAN AGREEMENT | APPENDIX 1 TERMS OF THE LOAN AGREEMENT | 84

[TABLE] (1) | HEADHUNTER FSU LIMITED, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Cyprus, registration number HE 178226, located at: 42 Dositheou, Strovolos 2028, Nicosia, Cyprus, represented by Aleksandr Arbuzov, acting under the Articles of Association, as the guarantor hereunder (the “Guarantor”);

[TABLE] (2) | ZEMENIK LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Russian Federation, registered in the Unified State Register of Legal Entities of the Russian Federation under number (OGRN (Primary State Registration Number)): 1167746153860, located at: 4 Akademika Ilyushina St., bld. 1, office 54, Moscow, 125319, the Russian Federation, represented by Karen Eduardovich Agayan, acting under the Articles of Association, as the principal hereunder and the Borrower under the Loan Agreement (the “Borrower”); and

[TABLE] (3) | BANK VTB (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY), a public joint-stock company incorporated under the laws of the Russian Federation, registered in the Unified State Register of Legal Entities (EGRUL) under number (Primary State Registration Number (OGRN)): 1027739609391, located at: 29, Bolshaya Morskaya St., Saint Petersburg, the Russian Federation, 190000, represented by Vitaly Nikolaevich Buzoverya, acting under Power of Attorney 350000/25-  , certified on January 14, 2016, under register number 2-25, as the beneficiary under this Agreement and the Credit Agent, Organizer and Original Lender under the Loan Agreement (the “Original Lender” and the “Credit Agent”)

[TABLE] (A) | According to the Loan Agreement, the Original Lender agrees to grant the Borrower funds in Rubles in an aggregate amount not exceeding RUB 7,000,000,000 (seven billion Rubles) on the terms and conditions stipulated in the Loan Agreement.

[TABLE] (B) | One of the preconditions for granting of the Loan to the Borrower under the Loan Agreement is execution of this Agreement and issue of the Guarantee by the Guarantor in favor of the Original Lender.

[TABLE] (C) | This Agreement and the Guarantee are Financial Documents as defined in the Loan Agreement.

[TABLE] (D) | The Guarantor hereby confirms that it is aware of all the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement and does not have the right to invoke the fact that it was not aware of such terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement.

[TABLE] 1. | TERMS AND DEFINITIONS

[TABLE] 1.1. | Terms

[TABLE] (a) | payment of an aggregate principal of the Loan not exceeding RUB 7,000,000,000 (Seven billion Rubles) to be finally repaid within 1,825 (One thousand eight hundred and twenty-five) calendar days from the date of Amendment Agreement No. 3 in the manner established by Article 7 (Loan Repayment) of the Loan Agreement (inter alia, in case of a mandatory early repayment provided for by the Loan Agreement);

[TABLE] (b) | payment of interest due under Article 9 (Interest) of the Loan Agreement at an annual interest rate equal to:

[TABLE] (i) | a margin of:

[TABLE] (A) | 3.7 (three point seven) percent per annum for any Interest Period starting before the date of Amendment Agreement No. 3; or

[TABLE] (B) | 2.0 (two) percent per annum

[TABLE] (1) | for any Interest Period starting from the date of Amendment Agreement No. 3 or thereafter; or

[TABLE] (2) | 2.5 (two point five) percent per annum in any cases specified in Article 9.2 (Margin Adjustment) of the Loan Agreement; and

[TABLE] (ii) | the Key Interest Rate;

[TABLE] (c) | payment of a penalty according to Article 9.4 (Penalty) of the Loan Agreement due if the Borrower fails to timely fulfill an obligation of payment of any amount due under the Financial Document; such penalty being 2/365 interest rate established under Article 9.1 (Interest Calculation) of the Loan Agreement taking into account the provisions of Article 9.2 (Margin Adjustment) of the Loan Agreement, of an overdue debt of the Outstanding Loan for each day of delay. A penalty is calculated on an overdue amount during a period from a date following an established maturity date to a date of actual payment (prior to or after delivery of a judgment);

[TABLE] (d) | payment of reimbursement for funds available for granting the Loan under Article 11.1 (Fee for the Obligation under the Agreement) of the Loan Agreement, which amount shall be calculated as follows:

[TABLE] (i) | at the rate of 0.15 (zero point one five) percent per annum of an amount of the Unused Loan Limit within Tranche A (without deduction of an amount to be granted);

[TABLE] (ii) | at the rate of 0.5 (zero point five) percent per annum of an amount of the Unused Loan Limit within Tranche B (without deduction of an amount to be granted),

[TABLE] (iii) | in respect of the Unused Loan Limited of Tranche A, on the last day of the Disbursement Period of Tranche A or on the Disbursement Date of Tranche A, whichever occurs first;

[TABLE] (iv) | in respect of the Unused Loan Limit of Tranche B, on the last Business Day of each calendar month within the Disbursement Period of Tranche B or on the last day of the Disbursement Period of Tranche B, whichever occurs first.

[TABLE] (e) | payment of a Lenders’ consideration for granting the Loan under Article 11.2 (Loan Extension Fee) of the Loan Agreement which amounts to:

[TABLE] (i) | 1.5 (one point five) percent of Tranche A;

[TABLE] (ii) | 1.5 (one point five) percent of Tranche B;

[TABLE] (iii) | 0.25 (zero point two five) percent of Tranche C; and

[TABLE] (iv) | 0.25 (zero point two five) percent of Tranche D

[TABLE] (f) | reimbursement to the Parties to the Financing for any costs or losses to be reimbursed under Articles 14.1 (Reimbursement for Currency Costs), 14.3 (Reimbursement for Costs of the Credit Agent) and 14.4 (Transaction-Related Costs), 14.5 (Amendment Costs) of the Loan Agreement.

[TABLE] (g) | reimbursement to the Parties to the Financing for any documented costs (including fees of any legal and other advisers) incurred by a Party to the Financing because of a mandatory performance of any Financial Document or protection of its rights under the Financial Documents.

[TABLE] (h) | reimbursement to the Parties to the Financing for any expenses under Article 14.2 (Reimbursement for Other Costs) of the Loan Agreement incurred by a Party to the Financing as a result of:

[TABLE] (i) | occurrence of the Event of Default;

[TABLE] (ii) | impossibility to grant the Loan to the Borrower against the Disbursement Request pursuant to any provisions of the Loan Agreement; or

[TABLE] (iii) | Borrower’s inability to early repay the Outstanding Loan or a part thereof, in spite of an early repayment notice submitted to the Credit Agent.

[TABLE] (i) | payment of any other amounts due under the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement;

[TABLE] (j) | full return of any funds obtained by the Borrower if the Loan Agreement is not valid, and payment of such interest for an illegal use of the funds and/or for use of third parties’ funds as accrued under the applicable laws, as well as reimbursement for any losses (except for lost profit) incurred as a result of an illegal use of such funds.

[TABLE] 1.2. | Interpretation

[TABLE] (a) | In this Agreement, unless the context requires otherwise:

[TABLE] (i) | until the Original Lender assigns its rights (claims) under this Agreement and the Guarantee to any person to whom it assigns its rights under the Loan Agreement pursuant to Article 9.2 (Transfer of Rights by the Lenders), all references to the Credit Agent and the Lenders shall mean references to the Original Lender. For the avoidance of doubt, this Clause (a) does not limit the obligations of the Guarantor provided for by Clause (b) of Article 9.2;

[TABLE] (ii) | a reference to the Credit Agent, the Organizer, the Financing Party, the Original Lender, the Lender, the Borrower, the Guarantor or a Party also implies a reference to their successors by virtue of law, the Loan Agreement or this Agreement;

[TABLE] (iii) | a document in a harmonized form means a document agreed in writing by the Credit Agent and the Guarantor or a document drawn up in a form acceptable to the Credit Agent;

[TABLE] (iv) | assets include existing or future property, income and rights of any kind;

[TABLE] (v) | a reference to the Financial Document or another agreement, document or financial instrument implies such Financial Document or another agreement, document or financial instrument as amended from time to time;

[TABLE] (vi) | a person includes any individual, legal entity, governmental authority, government or state;

[TABLE] (vii) | “laws” means any law, ordinance, decree, order, resolution, provision, rule, commissioner orders, requirements or recommendations of any legislative or executive state, municipal, interstate or international authority, ministry, department, service, agency or committee or any judicial body, as well as standards and rules of self-regulatory organizations that are mandatory for members of such self-regulating organizations (exclusively with respect to members of such self-regulating organizations);

[TABLE] (viii) | a reference to a legislative provision means a reference to such a provision as amended from time to time;

[TABLE] (ix) | it is understood that the words “include” and “including”, as well as the expression “inter alia” are accompanied by the words “but not limited to”;

[TABLE] (x) | Article, Sub-Clause, Clause or Appendix means a reference to an Article, Sub-Clause, Clause of this Agreement or an Appendix hereto;

[TABLE] (xi) | an indication of time means Moscow time, unless otherwise specifically indicated in this Agreement;

[TABLE] (xii) | the term “debt” includes any obligation (including, but not limited to a guarantee-based obligation) to pay or return cash, including, but not limited to any contingent transaction; and

[TABLE] (xiii) | a reference to the Lenders is a reference to all Lenders.

[TABLE] (b) | The headings in this Agreement shall not be deemed as affecting its interpretation.

[TABLE] 2. | INDEPENDENT GUARANTEE AND REIMBURSEMENT OF LOSSES

[TABLE] 2.1. | Independent Guarantee

[TABLE] 2.2. | Reimbursement for Losses

[TABLE] 3. | REPRESENTATIONS OF GUARANTOR’S CIRCUMSTANCES

[TABLE] 3.1. | Guarantor’s Representations

[TABLE] (a) | Status

[TABLE] (i) | The Guarantor is a legal entity duly incorporated and legally acting under the laws of the Republic of Cyprus.

[TABLE] (ii) | The Guarantor is the full owner of the property belonging to it and carries out its activities under the applicable law.

[TABLE] (b) | Legal Capacity and Authority

[TABLE] (i) | The Guarantor has the legal capacity and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement, the Guarantee and each Financial Document to which the Guarantor is party and the transactions provided for thereby; and the Guarantor obtained all necessary approvals for the execution and performance of this Agreement, the Guarantee and each Financial Document to which the Guarantor is a party, in the manner provided for by law and the Guarantor’s constituent and other internal regulations, including approval of transactions provided for in this Agreement, the Guarantee and each Financial Document to which the Guarantor is party.

[TABLE] (iii) | A person acting on behalf of the Guarantor has the authority to enter into this Agreement, the Guarantee and each Financial Document to which the Guarantor is a party.

[TABLE] (c) | Validity

[TABLE] (i) | This Agreement, the Guarantee and each Financial Document to which the Guarantor is a party are a legitimate, valid, binding and enforceable obligation of the Guarantor.

[TABLE] (ii) | This Agreement, the Guarantee and each Financial Document to which the Guarantor is a party are drawn up in a form ensuring the enforceability thereof in the Russian Federation and the Republic of Cyprus.

[TABLE] (d) | Absence of Contradictions

[TABLE] (i) | any applicable laws;

[TABLE] (ii) | its constituent and other internal regulations;

[TABLE] (iii) | any resolutions of its management bodies; and

[TABLE] (iv) | any other documents or agreements that are binding on the Pledgor.

[TABLE] (e) | Compliance with Legislation

[TABLE] (i) | The Guarantor’s business shall comply with the applicable laws in all aspects that the Credit Agent considers significant. The Guarantor shall timely submit tax returns and pay taxes in such terms and in such amounts as provided for by any applicable laws in all aspects that the Credit Agent considers significant.

[TABLE] (f) | Absence of Default

[TABLE] (i) | The execution or performance of this Agreement, the Guarantee and each Financial Document to which the Guarantor is a party and the transactions thereunder does not and will not result in any Default; and

[TABLE] (ii) | There are no other events or circumstances constituting a default under any document that is binding on the Guarantor or sets limits on the disposal of its property, and which have or are reasonably likely to have the Material Negative Impact.

[TABLE] (g) | Permits

[TABLE] (i) | As of the date of this Agreement, the Guarantor has obtained and maintains all the permits and consents required in connection with the conclusion, performance, maintenance, enforceability of this Agreement, the Guarantee, each Financial Document, to which the Guarantor is a party, and the transactions thereunder and introduction of the above-mentioned documents and transactions as evidence in trials.

[TABLE] (h) | Registration Requirements

[TABLE] (i) | Financial Statements

[TABLE] (i) | The most recent financial statements of the Group (and each member of the Group) provided under the Loan Agreement:

[TABLE] (A) | are prepared in accordance with the Applicable Accounting Standards; and

[TABLE] (B) | in all material respects, reliably reflect its financial position (if applicable, on a consolidated basis) as of the date of the preparation thereof,

[TABLE] (ii) | There have been no events that could have the Material Negative Impact since the date on which the financial statements referred to in Clause (a) above are prepared.

[TABLE] (j) | Judicial Proceedings

[TABLE] (k) | Information

[TABLE] (i) | All such actual information having, in the opinion of the Credit Agent, the essential value as submitted by the Guarantor to the Parties to the Financing in connection with the Financial Documents to which the Guarantor is a party is true and accurate as of the submission date or (as the case may be) on a date (if any) which is indicated as the submission date.

[TABLE] (ii) | The Guarantor did not conceal any information which, if disclosed, would lead to the fact that any other information specified in Sub-Clause (i) above would become unreliable or misleading to a material extent in the opinion of the Credit Agent.

[TABLE] (iii) | As of the date of this Agreement and the first Disbursement Date from the date of provision of the information specified in Clause (i) above, there were no circumstances that, if disclosed, would lead to the fact that the provided information would become unreliable or misleading to a material extent in the opinion of the Credit Agent.

[TABLE] (l) | Loans Granted

[TABLE] (m) | Levies and Duties

[TABLE] (n) | Regulated Procurement

[TABLE] 3.2. | Term of Provision of Representations of Guarantor’s Circumstances

[TABLE] (a) | The Guarantor shall submit the representations of circumstances specified in this Article 3 as of the date of this Agreement.

[TABLE] (b) | Except where any Representations of Circumstances shall be submitted on a certain date, all Representations of Circumstances are considered to be submitted by the Guarantor subsequently on the date of each Disbursement Request, on each Disbursement Date and on the first day of each Interest Period.

[TABLE] (c) | If any Representations of Circumstances are provided again, they are extended to the circumstances existing at the time of their subsequent submission.

[TABLE] 4. | OBLIGATIONS AND LIABILITY OF THE GUARANTOR

[TABLE] 4.1. | Obligations of the Guarantor

[TABLE] (a) | Financial Statements

[TABLE] (i) | consolidated financial statements of the Group for each fiscal year approved by the Auditors and prepared in accordance with IFRS as soon as they become available, but in any case, within 180 (one hundred and eighty) days from the end date of such fiscal year;

[TABLE] (ii) | consolidated financial statements of the Group for each fiscal half a year reviewed by the Auditors and prepared in accordance with IFRS as soon as they become available, but in any case, within 120 (one hundred and twenty) days from the end date of such fiscal half a year;

[TABLE] (iii) | the Group’s management statements for each quarter of the relevant fiscal year (including a profit and loss statement, a balance sheet and a cash flow statement) prepared in accordance with IFRS as soon as they become available, but in any case, within 60 (sixty) days from the end of such quarter of the relevant fiscal year; and

[TABLE] (iv) | the financial statements (including a profit and loss statement, a balance sheet and a cash flow statement) of the Borrower and Headhunter for each quarter of the relevant fiscal year prepared under RAS as soon as they become available, but in any case, within 40 (forty) days from the end date of such quarter of the relevant fiscal year.

[TABLE] (b) | Requirements to the Financial Statements

[TABLE] (i) | a description of the changes to be made in the relevant financial statements in order to reflect changes in accounting principles and reporting periods that applied in preparation of the Original Financial Statements of the Group or the Debtor; and

[TABLE] (ii) | information in a form and content that meet the requirements of the Credit Agent and are sufficient to ensure that the Lenders can verify that the Borrower complies with the requirements of Article 18 (Financial Indicator Compliance Obligation) of the Loan Agreement and can adequately assess the Debtor’s financial position in accordance with the current financial statements compared to the Original Financial Statements of such Debtor.

[TABLE] (c) | Information: Other

[TABLE] (i) | The Guarantor shall provide the Credit Agent with:

[TABLE] (A) | simultaneously with sending to addressees, copies of all documents sent to all Guarantor’s lenders, or in case of any circumstances that have the Material Negative Impact, copies of all documents sent to all Guarantor’s members;

[TABLE] (B) | immediately after it becomes aware of the following facts, but within 5 Business Days from the date on which it becomes aware of such facts, details of any judicial, commercial, arbitration or administrative proceedings, including any investigative actions which result in or are highly likely to result in making any decisions, as a result of which the Group’s expenses will exceed 2.5 (two point five) percent of the Consolidated EBITDA; and

[TABLE] (C) | immediately upon its request, but within 5 (five) days from the date of the request, such additional information on the financial position and economic activities of any member of the Group that the Credit Agent may require in the interests of any Party to the Financing.

[TABLE] (ii) | The Guarantor shall notify the Credit Agent in writing of any of the following events immediately after the Guarantor becomes aware of them:

[TABLE] (A) | filing of a bankruptcy petition against the Pledgor to an arbitration court, and (or)

[TABLE] (B) | publication of a notice of the intention to apply with such petition in the manner prescribed by law; and (or)

[TABLE] (C) | impending filing of a bankruptcy petition on the basis of a received notice from a person intending to apply.

[TABLE] (d) | Auditors

[TABLE] (e) | Notice of Default

[TABLE] (i) | The Guarantor shall notify the Credit Agent of any Default (and measures, if any, to eliminate such Default) immediately after it becomes aware of this fact if the Borrower has not notified the Credit Agent of such Default.

[TABLE] (ii) | At the request of the Credit Agent, the Guarantor agrees to submit to the Credit Agent an application signed by the sole executive body or an authorized representative of the Guarantor certifying that the Default has been eliminated or, if the Default continues, explaining the measures taken to eliminate it.

[TABLE] (f) | Client Data Verification

[TABLE] (g) | Permissions and Corporate Approvals

[TABLE] (i) | The Guarantor shall timely receive, maintain and comply with and undertakes to ensure that each of its Subsidiaries timely receives, maintains and complies with the terms and conditions of any permits, consents and corporate approvals required by any applicable law in order to fulfill its obligations under the Financial Documents to which it is a party and to enable the use of the Financial Documents as evidence in arbitration proceedings and in courts of relevant jurisdictions, including arbitration courts.

[TABLE] (ii) | Except for obtaining of a license to work with personal data in the Republic of Azerbaijan, the Guarantor shall timely receive, maintain and comply with and undertakes to ensure that each of its Subsidiaries timely receives, maintains and complies with any permits, consents required under any applicable laws to conduct business activities of any member of the Group in the manner in which such business is carried out.

[TABLE] (h) | Prohibition Against Encumbrance of Assets

[TABLE] (i) | Encumbrance of assets (except for those specified in Clause (d) below, without double counting) whose aggregate book value at any time does not exceed 5 (five) percent of the Consolidated EBITDA;

[TABLE] (ii) | Encumbrance arising under the Security Agreements;

[TABLE] (iii) | any Encumbrance arising by virtue of law in the ordinary course of business; and

[TABLE] (iv) | any Encumbrance in the form of the right to debit funds from an account with a prior acceptance by the payer or a similar debiting right if this results in debiting of such funds in an amount of not more than 5 (five) percent of the Consolidated EBITDA.

[TABLE] (i) | Asset Disposal

[TABLE] (i) | disposal of assets or property in the ordinary course of business;

[TABLE] (ii) | disposal of assets or property as part of the Permitted Reorganization;

[TABLE] (iii) | disposal of assets or property as part of restructuring due to the right of ownership to HEADHUNTER.KZ LLP;

[TABLE] (iv) | disposal of assets or property of the members of the Group in such aggregate book or market value (whichever is greater) obtained as a result of one or more transactions made during each consecutive 12 (twelve) months, as does not exceed 5 (five) percent of the Consolidated EBITDA;

[TABLE] (v) | disposal of shares of CV Keskus OU (a company registered at: Mustamae tee 46, Tallinna linn, Harju maakond 10621, registration number: 11325768) provided that the After-disposal Debt Ratio does not exceed the Debt Ratio as of the last Settlement Date. In order to comply with the After-Disposal Debt Ratio, the Guarantor (or another member of the Group) may, prior to payment of funds (obtained from CV Keskus OU shares sale) to another member of the Group or shareholders of Zemenik Trading, allocate a part of such funds (obtained from disposal of shares of CV Keskus OU) to a partial repayment of the Outstanding Loan under Article 8.3 (Voluntary Early Repayment of the Outstanding Loan) of the Loan Agreement. The Borrower shall, within 5

[TABLE] (five) Business Days prior to the disposal of the shares of CV Keskus OU to the Credit Agent, submit the Credit Agent a certificate proving the Borrower’s fulfillment of the terms and conditions provided for in Clause (e) Article 19.3 (Asset Disposal) of the Loan Agreement. The Borrower or another member of the Group may pay funds obtained from disposal of shares of CV Keskus OU, to the shareholders of Zemenik Trading according to the disposal results only once.

[TABLE] (vi) | disposal of shares or participatory interest in the authorized capital of a member of the Group that is not the Debtor, except for CV Keskus OU, provided that after such disposal:

[TABLE] (A) | The Debt Indicator (as defined below) does not exceed 2.0:1; and

[TABLE] (B) | after payment of the Allocated Amount, the Debt Indicator does not increase in comparison with the Debt Ratio as of the last Settlement Date.

[TABLE] (vii) | For the purposes of Clauses (v) and (vi) above, the following definitions have the following meaning:

[TABLE] (j) | Acquisition of Assets

[TABLE] (i) | in the ordinary course of business;

[TABLE] (ii) | as part of the Permitted Reorganization;

[TABLE] (iii) | as part of restructuring due to the right of ownership to HEADHUNTER.KZ LLP;

[TABLE] (iv) | by a member of the Group in such total amount paid by the member of the Group due to one or more transactions made during each consecutive 12 (twelve) months, as does not exceed 7.5 (seven point five) percent of the Consolidated EBITDA; or

[TABLE] (v) | purchased through the Permitted Financial Indebtedness.

[TABLE] (k) | Arm’s Length Transactions

[TABLE] (i) | The Guarantor may conclude deals with any persons only at arm’s length and undertakes to ensure that any of its Subsidiaries concludes deals with any person only at arm’s length.

[TABLE] (ii) | Clause (a) does not cover any transactions with the Debtors.

[TABLE] (l) | Lending

[TABLE] (m) | Provision of Guarantees and Suretyships

[TABLE] (i) | The Guarantor is not entitled to act as a guarantor or surety for the obligations of any person without the prior written consent of the Credit Agent and undertakes to ensure that any of its Subsidiaries does not act as a guarantor or surety for the obligations of any person without the prior written consent of the Credit Agent; and

[TABLE] (ii) | The provisions of Clause (i) above do not apply when such guarantee or suretyship secures the performance of the obligations of another member of the Group:

[TABLE] (A) | created through the Permitted Financial Indebtedness; or

[TABLE] (B) | claims under such guarantee or suretyship are subordinated to the obligations of the Guarantor under the Financial Documents pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement, in any case without double counting.

[TABLE] (n) | Financial Indebtedness

[TABLE] (o) | Fulfillment of Subsequent Conditions

[TABLE] (p) | Net Assets

[TABLE] (q) | Change of Business Activity

[TABLE] (r) | Existing Business Contracts

[TABLE] (s) | Taxation

[TABLE] (i) | the Mandatory Payments which are contested by the Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries in the manner prescribed by law; and

[TABLE] (ii) | the Mandatory Payments and costs for their contestation, for which there were created reserves recognized in the most recent financial statements submitted to the Credit Agent pursuant to Article 17.1 (Financial Statements) of the Loan Agreement; and

[TABLE] (iii) | a case where failure to pay such Mandatory Payments will not have the Material Negative Impact.

[TABLE] (t) | Equal Status of Obligations

[TABLE] (u) | Group Structure Scheme

[TABLE] (v) | Access

[TABLE] (w) | Additional General Obligations

[TABLE] (i) | taking all actions necessary to ensure the validity of the Borrower’s Pledge Agreement and the Headhunter’s Pledge Agreement if any Lender other than the Original Lender acquires any rights (claims) to the Borrower and (or) obligations to grant the Loan pursuant to the provisions of Article 22.2 (Assignment of Rights and Transfer of Obligations by the Lenders) of the Loan Agreement;

[TABLE] (ii) | entering into supplementary agreements to the Borrower’s Pledge Agreement and the Headhunter’s Pledge Agreement (on such terms and conditions as acceptable to the Lenders).

[TABLE] 4.2. | Irrevocability of the Security

[TABLE] (a) | are an irrevocable security according to the provisions of Article 5.1 (Validity Term);

[TABLE] (b) | supplement any other security and are unimpaired by any other security that is now or hereafter provided to the Lenders for all or any of the Secured Obligations;

[TABLE] (c) | are not affected by any reorganization of the Guarantor and (or) the Borrower, including, but not limited to, any changes in the legal form of the Guarantor and/or the Borrower;

[TABLE] (d) | continue to be valid during any liquidation or insolvency (bankruptcy) procedure initiated against the Guarantor and (or) the Borrower, or during any reorganization of the Guarantor and (or) the Borrower to the extent permitted by the applicable law; and

[TABLE] (e) | continue to be valid until terminated hereunder.

[TABLE] 4.3. | Material Change in Circumstances

[TABLE] 4.4. | Waiver of Defense against Claims of the Lenders

[TABLE] (a) | Any dispute between the Guarantor, the Borrower and (or) any other Debtor, as well as between the Guarantor, the Borrower and (or) any other Debtor, on the one hand, and the Lenders, on the other hand, does not relieve the Guarantor from fulfilling the obligations under this Agreement and under the Guarantee.

[TABLE] (b) | The Guarantor is not entitled:

[TABLE] (i) | to file any such counterclaims or objections against any claims of the Lenders which the Borrower or another Debtor could submit; and

[TABLE] (ii) | to fail to fulfill any obligations under this Agreement and the Guarantee or postpone their fulfillment, referring to the existence of any dispute between the Borrower or another Debtor, on the one hand, and the Lenders, on the other hand.

[TABLE] 4.5. | Change in the Secured Obligations

[TABLE] 4.6. | Amendments

[TABLE] (a) | The Guarantor may not revoke or amend the Guarantee.

[TABLE] (b) | Any term or condition of this Agreement and the Guarantee may be amended by a written agreement signed by the Parties.

[TABLE] (c) | In case of any amendment to the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement, the Guarantor and the Borrower shall, at the request of the Credit Agent, enter into an agreement with the Lender within a period agreed by the Parties to make relevant amendments to this Agreement and the Guarantee if, according to the current legislation (including the judicial practice then existing) such amendments are necessary for the Guarantee to remain valid and to ensure the complete fulfillment of the Secured Obligations, taking into account amendments to the Loan Agreement.

[TABLE] 4.7. | Reimbursement to the Guarantor

[TABLE] (a) | The Guarantor hereby confirms that the Lender’s claims (filed directly by the Lender or through the Credit Agent) under the Loan Agreement shall take precedence over the Guarantor’s claims with respect to the Reimbursement for the Amounts Paid under the Guarantee.

[TABLE] (b) | The Guarantor hereby undertakes:

[TABLE] (i) | not to file any claims against the Borrower for the Reimbursement for the Amounts Paid under the Guarantee until the Secured Obligations are fully repaid;

[TABLE] (ii) | until the Secured Obligations are fully repaid, to refrain from assignment or any other transfer of its claims of the Reimbursement for the Amounts Paid under the Guarantee, and from encumbrance of such claims in favor of third parties (excluding the Credit Agent and (or) the Lenders in connection with the Loan Agreement), without the prior written consent of the Credit Agent acting under the provisions of the Loan Agreement; and

[TABLE] (iii) | without prejudice to the other provisions of this Agreement, if the Guarantor receives the Reimbursement for the Amounts Paid under the Guarantee in violation of the terms or conditions of this Agreement, to immediately transfer the amount received by the Guarantor as a result of the Reimbursement for the Amounts Paid under the Guarantee to the Credit Agent’s Account.

[TABLE] (c) | In accordance with the provisions of Article 309.1 paragraph 2 of the Civil Code, after the Guarantor’s transfer of an amount received by the Guarantor as a result of the Reimbursement for the Amounts Paid under the Guarantee to the Credit Agent’s Account, the Lenders’ claim to the Borrower in the relevant part passes to the Guarantor. The Guarantor that has transferred such amount to the Credit Agent’s Account may file such claim to the Borrower only after the Secured Obligations are fully repaid.

[TABLE] (d) | Until the Secured Obligations are fully repaid, the Borrower undertakes to refrain from the Reimbursement for the Amounts Paid under the Guarantee, without the prior written consent of the Credit Agent acting pursuant to a resolution of the Qualified Majority of the Lenders.

[TABLE] 5. | VALIDITY TERM

[TABLE] 5.1. | Validity Term

[TABLE] 5.2. | Continuing Obligations

[TABLE] 6. | PAYMENT CLAIM, PAYMENTS, TAXES AND CURRENCY

[TABLE] 6.1. | Payment Claim

[TABLE] 6.2. | Accounts for Receipt of Payments

[TABLE] (a) | The obligations of the Guarantor set forth in Article 6.1 (Payment Claim) are fulfilled by payment of an amount specified in the Payment Claim to the account of the Original Lender (or after assignment of rights (claims) under this Agreement and the Guarantee in accordance with Article 9.2 (Transfer of Rights by the Lenders), to the account of the Credit Agent acting on behalf of the Lenders).

[TABLE] (b) | Any amounts received by the Credit Agent are to be allocated among the Lenders by the Credit Agent in accordance with the Proportional Share of each Lender in the manner provided for in the Loan Agreement. The provisions of this Clause shall come into force from the assignment of the rights (claims) under this Agreement and the Guarantee by the Original Lender in accordance with Article 9.2 (Transfer of Rights by the Lenders).

[TABLE] 6.3. | Payments

[TABLE] 6.4. | Performance of the Guarantor’s Obligations

[TABLE] 6.5. | Withholding and Deduction

[TABLE] (a) | ensure that such deductions or withholdings do not exceed an amount provided for by law;

[TABLE] (b) | promptly pay the Original Lender (or, after assignment of rights (claims) under this Agreement and the Guarantee in accordance with Article 9.2 (Transfer of Rights by the Lenders), to the Credit Agent for allocation among the Lenders) an additional amount so that the total amount received by the Lenders is equal to the amount that would have been received by the Lenders if such deductions or withholdings were not made.

[TABLE] 6.6. | Receipt of Payments in Other Currencies

[TABLE] 6.7. | Prohibition of Set-Off or Counterclaim

[TABLE] 6.8. | Maturity Date

[TABLE] 6.9. | Value-Added Tax

[TABLE] 6.10. | Use of Received Funds

[TABLE] 7. | NOTICES

[TABLE] 7.1. | Written Form

[TABLE] 7.2. | Addresses

[TABLE] (a) | Unless otherwise provided for below, the contact details of each Party for all messages in connection with this Loan Agreement and the Guarantee are data which such Party reported to the Credit Agent for this purpose.

[TABLE] (b) | Contact details of the Guarantor:

[TABLE] HEADHUNTER FSU LIMITED | HEADHUNTER FSU LIMITED | HEADHUNTER FSU LIMITED

[TABLE] Address: | 42 Dositheou, Strovolos 2028, Nicosia, Cyprus

[TABLE] Fax: | +357 2267 9096

[TABLE] E-mail: | info@fiduserve.com

[TABLE] Attn: | The Directors / Stelios Haralambous

[TABLE] (c) | Contact details of the Borrower:

[TABLE] Zemenik Limited Liability Company | Zemenik Limited Liability Company | Zemenik Limited Liability Company

[TABLE] Address: | 4 Akademika Ilyushina St., bld. 1, office 54,
Moscow, the Russian Federation, 125319

[TABLE] Fax: | +7 495 974-64-27

[TABLE] E-mail: | karen.agayan@arpartners.ru

[TABLE] Attn: | Karen Eduardovich Agayan

[TABLE] (d) | Contact details of the Original Lender:

[TABLE] BANK VTB (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY) | BANK VTB (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY) | BANK VTB (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY)

[TABLE] Location: | 29, Bolshaya Morskaya St., Saint Petersburg, the
Russian Federation, 190000

[TABLE] Mail address: | 43 Vorontsovskaya St., bld. 1, Moscow, 109147

[TABLE] Telex: | 412362 BFTR RU

[TABLE] Telephone: | +7 495 956-71-48

[TABLE] Fax: | +7 495 775-54-54

[TABLE] E-mail: | loanadmin@msk.vtb.ru, TM21@msk.vtb.ru

[TABLE] Attn: | Credit Authority

[TABLE] (e) | Any Party may change its contact details sending the Credit Agent an appropriate notice at least 5 (five) Business Days prior to such change. The Credit Agent shall notify all other Parties of any change in contact details.

[TABLE] (f) | If a Party specifies a particular division or official as a recipient of a message, such message shall not be considered to be sent if such division or official is not designated as the recipient.

[TABLE] 7.3. | Notice Delivery

[TABLE] (a) | Any message or document sent by a Party to another Party in connection with this Agreement and the Guarantee shall be deemed to have been received (except for a notice sent in accordance with the laws of the Russian Federation in case of filing of any claims under the Guarantee and any other cases expressly provided for by the Agreement and the Guarantee):

[TABLE] (i) | after receiving a message in a legible form when sent by fax or by another method which allows to establish reliably that the message is from a Party hereto; or upon delivery to the appropriate address when sent by courier; or

[TABLE] (ii) | upon delivery to the appropriate address or after 5 (five) Business Days after submitting to the post office when sent by mail with return receipt, whichever occurs first.

[TABLE] (b) | All notices sent by the Guarantor or to the Guarantor’s address shall be transmitted through the Credit Agent.

[TABLE] 7.4. | Language

[TABLE] 8. | MISCELLANEOUS

[TABLE] 8.1. | Partial Invalidity

[TABLE] 8.2. | Wording

[TABLE] 9. | CLAIM ASSIGNMENT AND DEBT TRANSFER

[TABLE] 9.1. | Claim Assignment and Debt Transfer

[TABLE] 9.2. | Transfer of Rights by the Lenders

[TABLE] (a) | The Lender may, without the consent of the Guarantor and the Borrower, assign all or part of its rights (claims) under this Agreement and the Guarantee to any person to whom it has assigned its rights under the Loan Agreement, in accordance with the requirements established by Article 22.2 (Assignment of Rights and Transfer of Obligations by the Lenders) of the Loan Agreement.

[TABLE] (b) | If the Lender assigns its rights (claims) under Clause (a) above, the Lenders that have wholly or partially assigned the rights (claims) under this Agreement and the Guarantee become beneficiaries under this Agreement and the Guarantee issued hereunder.

[TABLE] (c) | If the Lender assigns its rights (claims) under Clause (a) above, the Guarantor shall, at its own expense, take any actions and sign any documents necessary for the purposes of exercising and protecting the rights of the Lenders as beneficiaries under the Guarantee provided for by this Agreement and the Guarantee issued hereunder. In particular, the Guarantor shall, at its own expense, at the request of the Credit Agent, ensure:

[TABLE] (i) | taking all actions necessary to ensure the validity of this Agreement and the Guarantee issued hereunder; and

[TABLE] (ii) | entering into a new Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement with the Lenders and issuing a new Independent Guarantee on the terms and conditions similar to those of this Agreement and the Guarantee issued hereunder.

[TABLE] 9.3. | Debt Transfer

[TABLE] 10. | APPLICABLE LAW

[TABLE] 11. | DISPUTE SETTLEMENT

[TABLE] (a) | If any dispute arises in connection with this Agreement, including, but not limited to, any dispute concerning its provisions, existence, validity or termination, such dispute shall be subject to pre-trial settlement by sending a respective claim by either Party to the other Party. If a Party does not receive an answer to the sent claim and if the dispute is not settled within 10 (ten) Business Days from the date of receipt of the claim by the other Party, such dispute may be referred to court under Sub-Clause (b) below.

[TABLE] (b) | According to the provisions of Sub-Clause (a) above, if any dispute arises in connection with this Agreement, including, but not limited to, any dispute concerning its provisions, existence, validity or termination, such dispute shall be settled by the Moscow Arbitration Court.

[TABLE] 12. | COUNTERPARTS

[TABLE] (a) | KPMG Joint-Stock Company, Deloitte CIS Holdings Limited, PricewaterhouseCoopers Consulting LLC, or Ernst & Young Global Limited for the financial statements of the Group and its members prepared under IFRS; and

[TABLE] (b) | any company listed in Clause (a) above, Moore Stephens LLC, FinExpertiza LLC, BDO CJSC, FBK LLC, and 2K—Business Consulting CJSC, and any other audit firm approved by the Majority of the Lenders for the financial statements of members of the Group prepared under any Applicable Accounting Standards other than IFRS.

[TABLE] (a) | the recommendations contained in the documents published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in December 2010: “Basel III: A Global Regulatory Framework for More Resilient Banks and Banking Systems”, “Basel III: International framework for liquidity risk measurement, standards and monitoring” and “Guidance for national authorities operating the countercyclical capital buffer”, as amended;

[TABLE] (b) | such recommendations for global systemically important banks as contained in a document published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in November 2011 “Global systemically important banks: Assessment methodology and the additional loss absorbency requirement. Consultative Document”, as amended; and

[TABLE] (c) | any other documents, explanations or standards published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision with respect of Basel III.

[TABLE] (a) | in a period up to the Settlement Date, the Lenders whose Loan Limits together amount to 75 (seventy-five) percent or more of the Aggregate Loan Limit;

[TABLE] (b) | if there is no Outstanding Loan and the Aggregate Loan Limit has been reduced to zero, the Lenders whose Loan Limits together amount to 75 (seventy-five) percent or more of the Aggregate Loan Limit immediately prior to the date of such reduction; or

[TABLE] (c) | in any other period of time, the Lenders whose participation in the Outstanding Loan, their Unused Loan Limit and the Amount to be provided together amount to 75 (seventy-five) percent or more of the total amount of the Outstanding Loan, the Aggregate Unused Loan Limit and the Amount to be granted by all Lenders.

[TABLE] (a) | the Borrower’s Pledge Agreement;

[TABLE] (b) | the Headhunter’s Pledge Agreement;

[TABLE] (c) | the Headhunter FSU’s Pledge Agreement;

[TABLE] (d) | the Zemenik Trading’s Pledge Agreement;

[TABLE] (e) | each Supplementary Pledge Agreement.

[TABLE] (a) | each Pledge Agreement;

[TABLE] (b) | each Independent Guarantee; and

[TABLE] (c) | each Supplementary Guarantee.

[TABLE] (a) | owns the majority of voting rights in such legal entity; or

[TABLE] (b) | has an equity participation and may appoint or dismiss the majority of members of the executive body of such legal entity; or

[TABLE] (c) | is entitled to exert a dominant influence on such legal entity by virtue of the provisions contained in the constituent documents of such legal entity or in a management agreement; or

[TABLE] (d) | is a member (shareholder) of such legal entity and independently or jointly (with other members) controls the majority of votes in this legal entity; or

[TABLE] (e) | controls such legal entity,

[TABLE] (a) | with respect to each Interest Period, a key rate established by the Central Bank of the Russian Federation and effective as of each day of the Interest Period; and

[TABLE] (b) | with respect to any other period, a key rate established by the Central Bank of the Russian Federation effective as of each day of such period

[TABLE] (a) | before deduction of any amounts related to financial expenses;

[TABLE] (b) | without taking into account any amounts related to the interest to be received by any member of the Group;

[TABLE] (c) | after deducting profits or adding losses of any member of the Group relating to non-controlling participatory interests;

[TABLE] (d) | without taking into account positive or negative unrealized exchange rate differences;

[TABLE] (e) | without taking into account gains or losses arising out of a revaluation of any asset or a decrease in the carrying amount of any asset when it is disposed of by any member of the Group;

[TABLE] (f) | without taking into account an expected return on the assets of a pension plan;

[TABLE] (g) | without taking into account any non-monetary gains or losses from the Incentive Plans Based on the Group’s Equity Instruments;

[TABLE] (h) | exclusively for the Settlement Periods ending on June 30, 2016, December 31, 2016, and June 30, 2017, without taking into account the Transaction Costs.

[TABLE] (a) | any amounts related to depreciation and impairment of fixed assets;

[TABLE] (b) | any amounts related to impairment of goodwill;

[TABLE] (c) | any amounts related to depreciation and impairment of other non-fixed assets;

[TABLE] (d) | for the purpose of determining the financial indicators specified in Clause (a) of Article 9.2 (Margin Adjustment), advertising costs incurred in 2016 in an amount of up to RUB 200,000,000.

[TABLE] (a) | any member of the Group or its adviser; or

[TABLE] (b) | another Party to the Financing or its adviser if the information has been received by such a Party to the Financing from any member of the Group or its adviser,

[TABLE] (i) | is or becomes available to an unrestricted circle of persons other than as a result of a violation of the terms and conditions of Article 28 (Confidentiality) by a Party to the Financing; or

[TABLE] (ii) | was known to a Party to the Financing prior to a date of disclosure to it or its adviser of such information or has been legally received by a Party to the Financing or its adviser after such date from a source, to the knowledge of such Party to the Financing, not associated with the Group, and that in any case, to the knowledge of such Party to the Financing, was not obtained due to breach of a confidentiality obligation.

[TABLE] (a) | any Original Lender; and (or)

[TABLE] (b) | any banks or other credit or other organizations (except for any person belonging to the Borrower’s Group) which acquire the rights of claim to the Borrower and (or) the obligation to grant the Loan under the provisions of Article 22.2 (Assignment of Rights and Transfer of Obligations by the Lenders) and the current laws.

[TABLE] (a) | with respect to the Original Lender, which the Original Lender shall grant the Borrower as a loan within Tranche A, Tranche B, Tranche C, and Tranche D under the terms and conditions of this Agreement and specified in the table in Appendix 1 (List of Original Lenders and Loan Limits); and

[TABLE] (b) | with respect to any other Lender, which such Lender shall grant the Borrower by virtue of an Original Lender’s transfer to it of the obligation to grant the Loan to the Borrower

[TABLE] (a) | 3.7 (three point seven) percent per annum for any Interest Period starting before the date of Amendment Agreement No. 3; or

[TABLE] (b) | 2.0 (two) percent per annum

[TABLE] (i) | for any Interest Period starting from the date of Amendment Agreement No. 3 or thereafter; or

[TABLE] (ii) | 2.5 (two point five) percent per annum in any cases specified in Article 9.2 (Margin Adjustment).

[TABLE] (a) | the Event of Default; or

[TABLE] (b) | an event or circumstance specified in Article 21 (Events of Default) which shall hereunder become the Event of Default if (1) any period established by this Agreement for elimination of any violation expires, (2) any notice is sent, or (3) a respective resolution under the Financial Documents is adopted.

[TABLE] (a) | a cash amount already provided to the Borrower by this Lender, and

[TABLE] (b) | the Amount to be Granted by this Lender.

[TABLE] (a) | the audited financial statements of Zemenik Trading for the year 2015;

[TABLE] (b) | the annual statements of Headhunter for the year 2015 prepared under RAS; and

[TABLE] (c) | the management statements of HeadHunter FSU as of December 31, 2015, prepared under the accounting policy of the Group for management accounting.

[TABLE] (a) | consideration by provision of the Group’s Equity Instruments; or

[TABLE] (b) | consideration by cash payments or provision of other assets, provided that an amount of this consideration is determined on the basis of and (or) depends on the value of the Group’s Equity Instruments.

[TABLE] (a) | as of the end of a fiscal year or a fiscal half a year, in accordance with such Group’s financial statements for the relevant fiscal year or fiscal half a year (respectively) as prepared in accordance with IFRS and provided to the Credit Agent under Clause (a) or (b) of Article 17.1 (Financial Statements); or

[TABLE] (b) | as of the end of the first or third financial quarter, based on such respective management statements of the Group as provided to the Credit Agent under Clause (c) of Article 17.1 (Financial Statements).

[TABLE] (a) | a Russian legal entity, or

[TABLE] (b) | a resident of the Contracting State to the Double Taxation Agreement, provided that the status of such Lender shall, at the request of the Debtor, be proved by a copy of a document issued by a competent tax authority of the Contracting State to the Double Taxation Agreement and certifying that the Lender is a taxable resident of this Contracting State to the Double Taxation Agreement; such copy shall be translated into Russian.

[TABLE] (a) | for the purposes of determination of the extent of the Lender’s participation in granting of the Loan against any Disbursement Request, the ratio between the Unused Loan Limit of such Lender and the Aggregate Unused Loan Limit.

[TABLE] (b) | for any other purposes:

[TABLE] (i) | in the absence of the Outstanding Loan, the ratio between the Loan Limit of a separate Lender and the Aggregate Loan Limit, or

[TABLE] (ii) | in case of the Outstanding Loan, the ratio between the Outstanding Loan granted to the Borrower by a separate Lender, together with the Amount to be Granted by this Lender, and the Outstanding Loan granted to the Borrower by all Lenders, together with the Amount to be Granted by all Lenders.

[TABLE] (a) | such actions result in no risk of termination or contestation of the Security Agreements;

[TABLE] (b) | transfer of title to such participatory interests and shares, respectively, takes place taking into account the existing pledge in favor of the Lenders;

[TABLE] (c) | all agreements and other documents necessary for transfer of title to such participatory interests in Headhunter from Headhunter FSU to the Borrower are agreed with the Credit Agent in advance;

[TABLE] (d) | the composition of the Borrower’s members does not change; and

[TABLE] (e) | any documents and information related to these actions are provided within 5 (five) Business Days after the receipt of a reasonable request of the Credit Agent.

[TABLE] (a) | arising under the terms and conditions of the Financial Documents or authorized by the Financial Documents;

[TABLE] (b) | of a member of the Group that exists on the date of this Agreement, as specified in Appendix 7 (Existing Financial Indebtedness);

[TABLE] (c) | of members of the Group, for which the procedure and priority of claims are regulated by the Intercreditor Agreement;

[TABLE] (d) | of Zemenik Trading to its shareholders, for which the procedure and priority of claims are regulated by the Intercreditor Agreement;

[TABLE] (e) | of Zemenik Trading within the loans from Highworld and ELQ Investors granted on April 27, 2016, in an amount not exceeding in aggregate RUB 4,000,000,000 (four billion Rubles) for the purposes of payment of a purchase price by Zemenik Trading to the Seller for 100 (one hundred) percent of shares in the authorized capital of Headhunter FSU under Sale and Purchase Agreement 1;

[TABLE] (f) | of the Borrower to any Guarantor;

[TABLE] (g) | of the Guarantor to another Guarantor or the Borrower; and

[TABLE] (h) | of Group’s members to third parties for loans and borrowings in a total amount not exceeding 10 (ten) percent of the Consolidated EBITDA.

[TABLE] (a) | any payments made by a member of the Group to the Borrower or the Guarantor;

[TABLE] (b) | any payments made by any Debtor to another Debtor;

[TABLE] (c) | payment of an allocated profit by any member of the Group to Zemenik Trading’s shareholders (inter alia, as the Permitted Redemption), subject to the requirements of Article 19.12 (Payment of Dividends and Redemption of Shares / Participatory Interests);

[TABLE] (d) | payment to another member of the Group or Zemenik Trading’s shareholders, of funds received by any member of the Group from sale of shares / participatory interests in another member of the Group that is not the Debtor, provided that after such payment the Debt Ratio does not change (subject to the provisions of Clause (e) of Article 19.3 (Asset Disposal));

[TABLE] (e) | payment of funds by a member of the Group to another member of the Group in an amount not exceeding RUB 300,000,000 within three months from the Disbursement Date of Tranche A, as well as a subsequent payment of such funds by Zemenik Trading to Zemenik Trading’s shareholders;

[TABLE] (f) | making payments by Zemenik Trading to the Seller under Sale and Purchase Agreement 1 in an amount not exceeding RUB 5,000,000,000 (five billion Rubles) within three months from the date hereof; and

[TABLE] (g) | making the following payments by Zemenik Trading within 5 (five) Business Days after the Disbursement Date of Tranche A:

[TABLE] (i) | payment to Highworld for repayment of the Highworld’s Dollar Loan;

[TABLE] (ii) | payment to Highworld for repayment of the Highworld’s loan granted on April 27, 2016, the funds of which were sent to Zemenik Trading (or according to instructions of and on behalf of Zemenik Trading) for payment to the Seller of a part of the purchase price for 100 (one hundred) percent shares in the authorized capital of Headhunter FSU under Sale and Purchase Agreement 1; and

[TABLE] (iii) | payment to ELQ Investors for repayment of the ELQ Investors’ loan granted on April 27, 2016, the funds of which were sent to Zemenik Trading (or according to instructions of and on behalf of Zemenik Trading) for payment to the Seller of a part of the purchase price for 100 (one hundred) percent shares in the authorized capital of Headhunter FSU under Sale and Purchase Agreement 1.

[TABLE] (h) | making the following payments within 5 (five) Business Days after the Disbursement Date of Tranche B:

[TABLE] (i) | payment of an amount (not exceeding the amount of Tranche B) by the Borrower to Zemenik Trading under Sale and Purchase Agreement 2; and

[TABLE] (ii) | payment of an amount received from the Borrower under Sale and Purchase Agreement 2, to ELQ Investors and Highworld for repayment of loans granted by ELQ Investors and Highworld to Zemenik Trading prior to the date of this Agreement; and

[TABLE] (i) | payment of any fees binding by virtue of the applicable laws, to any shareholders not being members of the Group or members of legal entities being members of the Group if such shareholder or member withdraws from the legal entity,

[TABLE] (a) | if such participatory interests or shares are a subject-matter of the Pledge Agreement, such participatory interests or shares will continue to be pledged, regardless of the repurchase;

[TABLE] (b) | such member of the Group complies with all applicable legal requirements for such redemption, including requirements for the amount of the authorized capital of such member of the Group; and

[TABLE] (c) | repurchased shares or participatory interests are to be repaid within a period established by the applicable laws.

[TABLE] (a) | granted by members of the Group prior to the date of this Agreement and listed in Appendix 11 (List of Existing Loans);

[TABLE] (b) | granted by any Debtor to another Debtor;

[TABLE] (c) | granted by any member of the Group to the Debtor under loan agreements, for which the procedure and priority of claims are regulated by the Intercreditor Agreement;

[TABLE] (d) | granted by any member of the Group which is not the Debtor, to another member of the Group which is not the Debtor;

[TABLE] (e) | granted in aggregate by any member of the Group to third parties in a total principal amount not exceeding 5 (five) percent of the Consolidated EBITDA at any time; and

[TABLE] (f) | granted by the shareholders of Zemenik Trading on April 27, 2016, in an aggregate amount not exceeding RUB 4,000,000,000 (four billion Rubles), which funds were transferred to Zemenik Trading (or according to instructions of and on behalf of Zemenik Trading) for payment to the Seller of a part of the purchase price for 100 (one hundred) percent of shares in the authorized capital of Headhunter FSU under Sale and Purchase Agreement 1.

[TABLE] (a) | the financial condition of the Group in general;

[TABLE] (b) | the ability of the Debtors to fulfill their obligations under any Financial Document;

[TABLE] (c) | the validity or priority of the security that is, or should be, granted under any Financial Document or the possibility of enforcement of such collateral; or

[TABLE] (d) | the validity of the Financial Documents or the possibility of exercising such rights of the Parties to the Financing as provided by each respective Financial Document.

[TABLE] (a) | Lease Agreement No. 3706 dated March 1, 2013;

[TABLE] (b) | Lease Agreement No. 4480 dated September 16, 2015; and

[TABLE] (c) | Lease Agreement No. 4735 dated May 4, 2016.

[TABLE] (a) | such a significant malfunction (as occurred for reasons beyond the control of any of the Parties) in those payment systems or communication systems or in those financial markets whose operation in each case is necessary for making payments (or other transactions to be performed) in accordance with the transactions provided for by the Financial Documents; or

[TABLE] (b) | occurrence of any other event that entails such a (technical or systemic) failure in the cash or settlement transactions of any Party which prevents this or any other Party from:

[TABLE] (i) | fulfillment of its payment obligations under the Financial Documents; or

[TABLE] (ii) | communication with other Parties under the Financial Documents and that was not caused by a Party whose operations were disrupted and which occurred for any reasons beyond the control of that Party.

[TABLE] (a) | receiving cash as a loan;

[TABLE] (b) | obtaining a commodity loan, a commercial loan for a period of more than 30 (thirty) days, or issuing an uncovered letter of credit if such debt is classified as a “financial indebtedness” in accordance with IFRS;

[TABLE] (c) | issuing bonds, notes and any other debt instruments;

[TABLE] (d) | concluding a financial lease agreement;

[TABLE] (e) | making transactions with derivative financial instruments in order to get protection against or benefit from fluctuations in any exchange rates, interest rates or prices, and the amount of the transaction with such derivative financial instruments shall be calculated on the basis of market indicators at each time;

[TABLE] (f) | making repo transactions or any other transaction that is a borrowing in accordance with IFRS;

[TABLE] (g) | assuming the obligation to recover losses or expenses incurred by persons not belonging to the Group;

[TABLE] (h) | entering into the Incentive Plans Based on the Group’s Equity Instruments; or

[TABLE] (i) | making transactions providing for the assumption of any obligations: (A) of suretyship or guarantee for performance of any obligations by any persons not belonging to the Group; or (B) of reimbursement to a guarantor, surety under suretyship for any amounts under the guarantee, suretyship; or (C) of liability with respect to the right of subrogation claims against any purchaser of a traded or discounted receivable,

[TABLE] (a) | this Agreement;

[TABLE] (b) | each Security Agreement;

[TABLE] (c) | each Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement;

[TABLE] (d) | each Supplementary Guarantee Issue Agreement;

[TABLE] (e) | the Intercreditor Agreement;

[TABLE] (f) | each Lender’s Assignment Agreement;

[TABLE] (g) | each Disbursement Request;

[TABLE] (h) | any other document which the Credit Agent and the Borrower have agreed in writing to consider as the Financial Document; or

[TABLE] (i) | each Document Related to the Reorganization.

[TABLE] Signature: | /signature/

[TABLE] Full name: | Katerina Losif

[TABLE] Position: | Director

[TABLE] Witness: | /signature/
Marina Koskiri

[TABLE] Signature: | /signature/

[TABLE] Full name: | Karen Eduardovich Agayan

[TABLE] Position: | General Director

[TABLE] Signature: | /signature/

[TABLE] Full name: | Vitaly Nikolaevich Buzoverya

[TABLE] Position: | Attorney-in-Fact

[TABLE] (1) | HEADHUNTER FSU LIMITED, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Cyprus, registration number HE 178226, address (location) of the legal entity: 42 Dositheou, Strovolos 2028, Nicosia, Cyprus, as the guarantor under the Guarantee and the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement (the “Guarantor”)

[TABLE] (2) | to BANK VTB (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY), a public joint-stock company incorporated under the laws of the Russian Federation, registered in the Unified State Register of Legal Entities (EGRUL) under number (Primary State Registration Number (OGRN)): 1027739609391, with its office at the address: 29, Bolshaya Morskaya St., Saint Petersburg, Russia, 190000, as the beneficiary under the Guarantee and the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement (the “Original Lender” and the “Credit Agent”).

[TABLE] (A) | The Original Lender as a credit agent, organizer and original lender and the Borrower as a borrower have entered into the Syndicated Loan Agreement dated May 16, 2016, (the “Loan Agreement”) as amended by Amendment Agreement No. 1 dated December 14, 2016, Amendment Agreement No. 2 dated June 28, 2017, and Amendment Agreement No. 3 dated October 5, 2017, (hereinafter referred to as “Amendment Agreement No. 3”) by which the Lender and the Borrower agreed to amend the Loan Agreement, inter alia, to increase a loan amount up to RUB 7,000,000,000 (seven billion Rubles).

[TABLE] (B) | The Guarantor, the Borrower and the Original Lender entered into the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement dated June 1, 2016, (the “Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement”), and the Guarantor issued an independent guarantee dated June 1, 2016, (the “Guarantee”) in favor of the Original Lender under the Guarantee Issue Agreement to ensure performance of the Borrower’s obligations under the Loan Agreement.

[TABLE] (C) | The Guarantor hereby confirms that it is aware of all the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement as amended by Amendment Agreement No. 3 and does not have the right to invoke the fact that it was not aware of such terms and conditions.

[TABLE] (D) | The Parties entered into an agreement to make amendments No. 1 to the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement dated October 5, 2017, under which the Guarantor undertakes to amend the Guarantee as specified in this Amendment to ensure the fulfillment of the Borrower’s obligations under the Loan Agreement as amended by Amendment Agreement No. 3.

[TABLE] 1. | DEFINITIONS

[TABLE] 1.1. | Terms

[TABLE] 1.2. | Embedded Terms

[TABLE] 1.3. | Purpose

[TABLE] 2. | AMENDMENTS

[TABLE] 3. | LIMITATIONS

[TABLE] (a) | In order to comply with the provisions of Article 371 of the Civil Code, the Guarantee shall be deemed amended in accordance with this Amendment only if the Guarantor obtains the consent of the Original Lender to make amendments in accordance with this Amendment.

[TABLE] (b) | Any amendments to the Guarantee hereunder shall be limited to the amendments specified in Article 2 (Amendments). No other provisions of the Guarantee (except for those specified in Article 2 (Amendments)) shall be amended hereby.

[TABLE] (c) | This Amendment do not relieve the Guarantor of any obligations under the Guarantee.

[TABLE] 4. | APPLICABLE LAW

[TABLE] 5. | DISPUTE SETTLEMENT

[TABLE] (a) | If any dispute, inter alia, concerning their provisions, existence, validity or termination, arises in connection with this Amendment, such dispute shall be subject to pre-trial settlement by sending a respective claim by either Party to the other Party. If a Party does not receive an answer to the sent claim and if the dispute is not settled within 10 (ten) Business Days from the date of receipt of the claim by the other Party, such dispute may be referred to court under Sub-Clause (b) below.

[TABLE] (b) | According to the provisions of Sub-Clause (a) above, if any dispute arises in connection with this Amendment, including, but not limited to, any dispute concerning their provisions, existence, validity or termination, such dispute shall be settled by the Moscow Arbitration Court.

[TABLE] 6. | EXECUTION

[TABLE] (A) | One of the conditions for granting a loan under the Loan Agreement to the Borrower is the conclusion of a guarantee issue agreement (hereinafter referred to as the “Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement”) concluded on May 16, 2016, between the Guarantor as the guarantor, the Borrower as the principal and the Original Lender as the beneficiary and the issue of this Guarantee.

[TABLE] (B) | In accordance with the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement, the Guarantor shall issue this Guarantee on the terms and conditions set forth in the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement and this Guarantee.

[TABLE] 1. | DEFINITIONS

[TABLE] (a) | any Original Lender; and (or)

[TABLE] (b) | any banks or other credit or other organizations (except for any person belonging to the Borrower’s Group) which acquire the rights of claim to the Borrower and (or) the obligation to grant the Loan under the provisions of Article 22.2 (Assignment of Rights and Transfer of Obligations by the Lenders) of the Loan Agreement and the current laws.

[TABLE] (a) | payment of an aggregate principal of the Loan not exceeding RUB 7,000,000,000 (Seven billion Rubles) to be finally repaid within 1,825 (One thousand eight hundred and twenty-five) calendar days from the date of Amendment Agreement No. 3 in the manner established by Article 7 (Loan Repayment) of the Loan Agreement (inter alia, in case of a mandatory early repayment provided for by the Loan Agreement);

[TABLE] (b) | payment of interest due under Article 9 (Interest) of the Loan Agreement at an annual interest rate equal to:

[TABLE] (i) | a margin of:

[TABLE] (A) | 3.7 (three point seven) percent per annum for any Interest Period starting before the date of Amendment Agreement No. 3; or

[TABLE] (B) | 2.0 (two) percent per annum

[TABLE] (1) | for any Interest Period starting from the date of Amendment Agreement No. 3 or thereafter; or

[TABLE] (2) | 2.5 (two point five) percent per annum in any cases specified in Article 9.2 (Margin Adjustment) of the Loan Agreement; and

[TABLE] (ii) | the Key Interest Rate;

[TABLE] (c) | payment of a penalty according to Article 9.4 (Penalty) of the Loan Agreement due if the Borrower fails to timely fulfill an obligation of payment of any amount due under the Financial Document; such penalty being 2/365 interest rate established under Article 9.1 (Interest Calculation) of the Loan Agreement taking into account the provisions of Article 9.2 (Margin Adjustment) of the Loan Agreement, of an overdue debt of the Outstanding Loan for each day of delay. A penalty is calculated on an overdue amount during a period from a date following an established maturity date to a date of actual payment (prior to or after delivery of a judgment);

[TABLE] (d) | payment of reimbursement for funds available for granting the Loan under Article 11.1 (Fee for the Obligation under the Agreement) of the Loan Agreement, which amount shall be calculated as follows:

[TABLE] (i) | at the rate of 0.15 (zero point one five) percent per annum of an amount of the Unused Loan Limit within Tranche A (without deduction of an amount to be granted);

[TABLE] (ii) | at the rate of 0.5 (zero point five) percent per annum of an amount of the Unused Loan Limit within Tranche B (without deduction of an amount to be granted),

[TABLE] (iii) | in respect of the Unused Loan Limited of Tranche A, on the last day of the Disbursement Period of Tranche A or on the Disbursement Date of Tranche A, whichever occurs first;

[TABLE] (iv) | in respect of the Unused Loan Limit of Tranche B, on the last Business Day of each calendar month within the Disbursement Period of Tranche B or on the last day of the Disbursement Period of Tranche B, whichever occurs first.

[TABLE] (e) | payment of a Lenders’ consideration for granting the Loan under Article 11.2 (Loan Extension Fee) of the Loan Agreement which amounts to:

[TABLE] (i) | 1.5 (one point five) percent of Tranche A;

[TABLE] (ii) | 1.5 (one point five) percent of Tranche B;

[TABLE] (iii) | 0.25 (zero point two five) percent of Tranche C; and

[TABLE] (iv) | 0.25 (zero point two five) percent of Tranche D prior to the Disbursement Date of a respective Tranche;

[TABLE] (f) | reimbursement to the Parties to the Financing for any costs or losses to be reimbursed under Articles 14.1 (Reimbursement for Currency Costs), 14.3 (Reimbursement for Costs of the Credit Agent) and 14.4 (Transaction-Related Costs), 14.5 (Amendment Costs) of the Loan Agreement.

[TABLE] (g) | reimbursement to the Parties to the Financing for any documented costs (including fees of any legal and other advisers) incurred by a Party to the Financing because of a mandatory performance of any Financial Document or protection of its rights under the Financial Documents.

[TABLE] (h) | reimbursement to the Parties to the Financing for any expenses under Article 14.2 (Reimbursement for Other Costs) of the Loan Agreement incurred by a Party to the Financing as a result of:

[TABLE] (i) | occurrence of the Event of Default;

[TABLE] (ii) | impossibility to grant the Loan to the Borrower against the Disbursement Request pursuant to any provisions of the Loan Agreement; or

[TABLE] (iii) | Borrower’s inability to early repay the Outstanding Loan or a part thereof, in spite of an early repayment notice submitted to the Credit Agent.

[TABLE] (i) | payment of any other amounts due under the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement;

[TABLE] (j) | full return of any funds obtained by the Borrower if the Loan Agreement is not valid, and payment of such interest for an illegal use of the funds and/or for use of third parties’ funds as accrued under the applicable laws, as well as reimbursement for any losses (except for lost profit) incurred as a result of an illegal use of such funds.

[TABLE] 2. | INDEPENDENT GUARANTEE

[TABLE] 3. | PAYMENT CLAIM

[TABLE] 4. | VALIDITY TERM

[TABLE] 5. | CLAIM ASSIGNMENT AND DEBT TRANSFER

[TABLE] 5.1. | Claim Assignment and Debt Transfer

[TABLE] 5.2. | Transfer of Rights by the Lenders

[TABLE] (a) | The Original Lender may, without the consent of the Guarantor and the Borrower, assign all or part of its rights (claims) under this Guarantee to any person to whom it has assigned its rights under the Loan Agreement. The Guarantor hereby expresses its consent to such assignment and shall be liable to any person to whom the Lender has assigned its rights under the Loan Agreement.

[TABLE] (b) | If the Original Lender assigns its rights (claims) under Clause (a) above, the Lenders that have wholly or partially assigned the rights (claims) under this Guarantee become beneficiaries hereunder.

[TABLE] 5.3. | Debt Transfer

[TABLE] 6. | CHANGE IN THE SECURED OBLIGATIONS

[TABLE] 7. | APPLICABLE LAW

[TABLE] 8. | DISPUTE SETTLEMENT

[TABLE] (a) | If any dispute arises in connection with this Guarantee, including, but not limited to, any dispute concerning its provisions, existence, validity or termination, such dispute shall be subject to pre-trial settlement by sending a respective claim by either Party to the other Party. If a Party does not receive an answer to the sent claim and if the dispute is not settled within 10 (ten) Business Days from the date of receipt of the claim by the other Party, such dispute may be referred to court under Clause (b) below.

[TABLE] (b) | According to the provisions of Clause (a) above, if any dispute arises in connection with this Agreement, including, but not limited to, any dispute concerning its provisions, existence, validity or termination, such dispute shall be settled by the Moscow Arbitration Court.

[TABLE] 9. | COUNTERPARTS

[TABLE] Company | Address, Fax and E-mail | Address, Fax and E-mail | Address, Fax and E-mail

[TABLE] Guarantor

[TABLE] HEADHUNTER FSU LIMITED | Address: | 42 Dositheou, Strovolos 2028, Nicosia, Cyprus

[TABLE] HEADHUNTER FSU LIMITED | Fax: | +35722679096

[TABLE] HEADHUNTER FSU LIMITED | Email: | info@fiduserve.com

[TABLE] HEADHUNTER FSU LIMITED | Attn: | The Directors / Stelios Haralambous

[TABLE] Borrower

[TABLE] ZEMENIK LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY | Address: | 4 Akademika Ilyushina St., bld. 1, office 54,
Moscow, the Russian Federation, 125319

[TABLE] ZEMENIK LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY | Fax: | +7 495 974-64-27

[TABLE] ZEMENIK LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY | Email: | karen.agayan@arpartners.ru

[TABLE] ZEMENIK LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY | Attn: | Karen Eduardovich Agayan

[TABLE] Original Lender

[TABLE] Address: | 43 Vorontsovskaya St., bld. 1, Moscow, 109147

[TABLE] Fax: | +7 495 775-54-54

[TABLE] BANK VTB (PUBLIC JOINT- | Email: | loanadmin@msk.vtb.ru,TM21@msk.vtb.ru

[TABLE] STOCK COMPANY) | Attn: | Credit Authority

[TABLE] Signature: | /signature/

[TABLE] Full name: | Kuterina Iosif

[TABLE] Position: | Director

[TABLE] Witness: | /signature/ 
Marina Koskiri

[TABLE] Signature: | /signature/

[TABLE] Full name: | Vitaly Nikolaevich Buzoverya

[TABLE] Position: | Attorney-in-Fact

[TABLE] Signature: | /signature/

[TABLE] Full name: | Karen Eduardovich Agayan

[TABLE] Position: | General Director

[TABLE] 1. | DEFINITIONS | 3

[TABLE] 2. | AMENDMENTS | 4

[TABLE] 3. | LIMITATIONS | 4

[TABLE] 4. | REPRESENTATIONS | 5

[TABLE] 5. | FURTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS | 5

[TABLE] 6. | APPLICABLE LAW | 5

[TABLE] 7. | DISPUTE SETTLEMENT | 5

[TABLE] 8. | EXECUTION | 5

[TABLE] 9. | FINAL PROVISIONS | 5

[TABLE] APPENDIX 1 REVISED PARTICIPATORY INTEREST PLEDGE AGREEMENT | APPENDIX 1 REVISED PARTICIPATORY INTEREST PLEDGE AGREEMENT | APPENDIX 1 REVISED PARTICIPATORY INTEREST PLEDGE AGREEMENT | 7

[TABLE] AGREEMENT OF PLEDGE OF A PARTICIPATORY INTEREST IN THE AUTHORIZED CAPITAL OF HEADHUNTER LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY | AGREEMENT OF PLEDGE OF A PARTICIPATORY INTEREST IN THE AUTHORIZED CAPITAL OF HEADHUNTER LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY | AGREEMENT OF PLEDGE OF A PARTICIPATORY INTEREST IN THE AUTHORIZED CAPITAL OF HEADHUNTER LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY | 8

[TABLE] (1) | HEADHUNTER FSU LIMITED, registration number HE 178226, address (location) of the legal entity: 42 Dositheou, Strovolos 2028, Nicosia, Cyprus, represented by Karen Eduardovich Agayan, born on 04.14.1981, passport No. 45 13 062783, issued by the Department of the Administration of the Federal Migration Services of Russia for Moscow for Konkovo District on February 26, 2013, subdivision code 770-117, registration address: 91, Profsoyuznaya St., apt. 43, Moscow, acting under the Power of Attorney dated September 28, 2017, certified by G. Demetriou, a notary of Nicosia, Cyprus, apostille No. 210694/17 dated September 28, 2017, as a pledgor (the “Pledgor”); and

[TABLE] (2) | BANK VTB (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY), a public joint-stock company incorporated under the laws of the Russian Federation, registered in the Unified State Register of Legal Entities (EGRUL) under number (Primary State Registration Number (OGRN)): 1027739609391, with its office at the address: 29, B. Morskaya St., Saint Petersburg, Russia, 190000,represented by Vitaly Nikolaevich Buzoverya, the Head of the Credit Department and the Senior Vice President, a citizen of Russia, born on 07.29.1974, passport No. 46 02 772136, issued by the Department of the Interior of Zhukovsky Town of Moscow Region on July 02, 2002, subdivision code 502-005, registration address: 11, Dzerzhinskogo St., apt. 83, Zhukovsky, acting under Power of Attorney No. 350000/21  ” dated January 13, 2017, certified by R. V. Ryabov, a notary of Moscow, and registered in the register under number 1-3, as a pledgee (the “Pledgee”).

[TABLE] (A) | The Pledgee and the Pledgor have entered into the Agreement of Pledge of a Participatory Interest in the Authorized Capital of Headhunter LLC dated May 26, 2016, certified by R. V. Ryabov, a notary of Moscow, number in the register: 2-500, (the “Participatory Interest Pledge Agreement”) under which the Pledgor pledged to the Pledgee a participatory interest in the authorized capital of the Company, being 100 (one hundred) percent of the authorized capital of the Company, as a security for fulfillment of the Borrower’s obligations under the Loan Agreement.

[TABLE] (B) | According to Amendment Agreement No. 3 of the Loan Agreement dated October 5, 2017, (hereinafter referred to as “Amendment Agreement No. 3”) concluded between, inter alia, the Borrower as a borrower and the Pledgee as an arranger, a credit agent and an original lender, the Borrower and the Pledgee agreed to amend the Loan Agreement, inter alia, to increase the loan amount up to RUB 7,000,000,000 (seven billion).

[TABLE] (C) | The Parties hereby agree to make such amendments to the Participatory Interest Pledge Agreement as specified herein to ensure the fulfillment of the Borrower’s obligations under the Loan Agreement as amended by Amendment Agreement No. 3.

[TABLE] 1. | DEFINITIONS

[TABLE] 1.1 | Terms

[TABLE] “Effective | Date” means the effective date of Amendment Agreement No. 3.

[TABLE] “Revised Participatory Interest Pledge Agreement” means the Participatory Interest Pledge Agreement as amended according to this Agreement in the form provided in Appendix 1 (the “Revised Participatory Interest Pledge Agreement”).

[TABLE] “Amendment Agreement No. 3” has the meaning specified in Clause (B) of the Preamble.

[TABLE] “Party” means a party hereto.

[TABLE] 1.2 | Embedded Terms

[TABLE] Unless the context requires otherwise, any capitalized terms used in the Loan Agreement and the Participatory Interest Pledge Agreement which are not defined herein have the same meaning as in the Loan Agreement and the Participatory Interest Pledge Agreement.

[TABLE] 1.3 | Interpretation

[TABLE] The provisions of Article 1.2 (Interpretation) of the Loan Agreement shall apply to this Agreement as if they are written in this Agreement; any references to Articles, Clauses and Appendices shall be deemed references to Articles, Clauses and Appendices hereof, unless the context requires otherwise.

[TABLE] 1.4 | Purpose

[TABLE] This Agreement is a Financial Document.

[TABLE] 2. | AMENDMENTS

[TABLE] The Parties agree that since the Effective Date the Participatory Interest Pledge Agreement shall be amended to be read in the wording specified in Appendix 1 (the “Revised Participatory Interest Pledge Agreement); and the rights and obligations of the Parties under the Participatory Interest Pledge Agreement shall be governed and construed under the terms and conditions of the Revised Participatory Interest Pledge Agreement since the Effective Date.

[TABLE] 3. | LIMITATIONS

[TABLE] (a) | The mandatory nature of amendments provided for by Article 2 (Amendments) is established by the coming of Amendment Agreement No. 3 into force (as provided for by Article 3271 of the Civil Code). The date on which the Credit Agent will confirm to the Borrower the receipt of documents, information and approvals necessary for coming of Amendment Agreement No. 3 into force is the “Effective Date”.

[TABLE] (b) | Any amendments to the Participatory Interest Pledge Agreement hereunder shall be limited to the amendments specified in Article 2 (Amendments). No other provisions of the Participatory Interest Pledge Agreement (except for those specified in Article 2 (Amendments)) shall be amended hereby.

[TABLE] (c) | This Agreement shall not release the Pledgor from any obligations provided for by the Participatory Interest Pledge Agreement.

[TABLE] 4. | REPRESENTATIONS

[TABLE] (a) | The Pledgor shall submit the Pledgee representations of circumstances specified in Article 5 (Representations of Circumstances of the Pledgor) of the Participatory Interest Pledge Agreement.

[TABLE] (b) | Any representations of circumstances specified in Clause (a) above shall be provided by the Pledgor on the date of this Agreement with a reference to the circumstances existing on the date hereof.

[TABLE] (c) | Any references to the Participatory Interest Pledge Agreement in such representations on circumstances as provided according to Clause (a) above shall be deemed as including, inter alia, references to this Agreement.

[TABLE] 5. | FURTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS

[TABLE] (a) | within 5 (five) Business Days after signing hereof, a copy of the Pledgor’s register of pledges showing the amended information on the terms and conditions of pledge according to Article 99 of the Companies Act of the Republic of Cyprus, Cap. 113;

[TABLE] (b) | within 10 (ten) Business Days after signing hereof, a proof of the fact that an application on change of information on pledge has been filed to the Registrar of Companies of Cyprus according to Article 90 of Companies Act of the Republic of Cyprus, Cap. 113; and

[TABLE] (c) | within 30 (thirty) Business Days after signing hereof, a proof of registration of change of information on pledge issued by the Registrar of Companies of Cyprus according to Article 93 of Companies Act of the Republic of Cyprus, Cap. 113.

[TABLE] 6. | APPLICABLE LAW

[TABLE] This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Parties arising out of this Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance the laws of the Russian Federation.

[TABLE] 7. | DISPUTE SETTLEMENT

[TABLE] If any dispute arises in connection with this Agreement, including, but not limited to, any dispute concerning its provisions, existence, validity or termination, such dispute shall be settled by the Moscow Arbitration Court.

[TABLE] 8. | EXECUTION

[TABLE] This Agreement is executed in three counterparts, one to be kept in the files of Roman Vasilyevich Ryabov, a notary of Moscow, at the address: 9, Krasnoproletarskaya St., Moscow, one for the Pledgee, and one for the Pledgor.

[TABLE] 9. | FINAL PROVISIONS

[TABLE] This Agreement has been read to the Parties out loud prior to its signing, the Parties that signed this Agreement confirm that the contents hereof are fully clear to the Parties. All commentaries of the Parties have been taken into account in this Agreement, the Parties do not have any other proposals concerning the contents hereof. The contents of Articles 334–358, 450 and 452 of the Civil Code have been explained to the Parties by the notary.

[TABLE] This Agreement has been entered into on the date stated at the beginning of this Agreement.

[TABLE] (A) | According to the Syndicated Loan Agreement in the wording specified in Amendment Agreement No. 3 (the “Loan Agreement”) executed on May 16, 2016, between the Pledgee as an organizer, a credit agent and an original lender and the Borrower as a borrower, the Pledgee agreed to grant the Borrower funds in Rubles in an amount not exceeding RUB 7,000,000,000 (7 billion) under the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement.

[TABLE] (B) | One of the preconditions for granting of the Loan to the Borrower under the Loan Agreement is execution of this Agreement.

[TABLE] (C) | This Agreement is a Financial Document as defined in the Loan Agreement.

[TABLE] (D) | The Pledgor is aware of the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement and other Financial Documents.

[TABLE] 1. | TERMS AND DEFINITIONS

[TABLE] For the purposes of this Agreement:

[TABLE] 2. | COLLATERAL AND A SECURED OBLIGATION

[TABLE] 2.1. | In order to secure a due, timely and complete fulfillment of the Obligations, the Pledgor pledges to the Pledgee a 100% (One hundred percent) participatory interest in the authorized capital of the Company, with a par value of RUB 4,276,257.55 (Four million two hundred and seventy-six thousand two hundred and fifty-seven Rubles 55 kopecks) as an original pledge (not a subsequent one) granting the Pledgee a preemptive right of satisfaction of Pledgee’s claims against any claims of other persons (except as provided by laws) in respect of any Obligations under Clause 2.3 hereof by means of a received sale cost of the Collateral.

[TABLE] 2.2. | The Parties evaluate the Collateral’s price to be RUB 4,276,257.55 (Four million two hundred and seventy-six thousand two hundred and fifty-seven Rubles 55 kopecks). The cost of the Collateral agreed in this Clause 2.2 is not deemed to be an initial sale price in case of enforcement. The initial sale cost of the Collateral is estimated under Article 4 (Conditions of and Procedure for Enforcement of the Collateral) hereof.

[TABLE] 2.3. | The Pledgor shall hereby be liable to the Pledgee for a due, timely and complete fulfillment of the Obligations, including, but not limited to:

[TABLE] 2.3.1. | payment of an aggregate principal of the Loan of RUB 7,000,000,000 (Seven billion) to be finally repaid within 1,825 (One thousand eight hundred and twenty-five) calendar days from the date of Amendment Agreement No. 3 in the manner established by Article 7 (Loan Repayment) of the Loan Agreement (inter alia, in case of a mandatory early repayment provided for by the Loan Agreement);

[TABLE] 2.3.2. | payment of interest according to Article 9 (Interest) of the Loan Agreement due on each Interest Payment Date according to the provisions of Article 9.3 (Interest Payment) of the Loan Agreement. An interest rate for the Outstanding Loan for each Interest Period is an annual interest rate equal to an amount of:

[TABLE] (a) | a margin of:

[TABLE] (i) | 3.7 (three point seven) percent per annum for any Interest Period starting before the date of Amendment Agreement No. 3; or

[TABLE] (ii) | 2.0 (two) percent per annum

[TABLE] (A) | for any Interest Period starting from the date of Amendment Agreement No. 3 or thereafter; or

[TABLE] (B) | 2.5 (two point five) percent per annum in any cases specified in Article 9.2 (Margin Adjustment) of the Loan Agreement; and

[TABLE] (b) | the Key Interest Rate;

[TABLE] 2.3.3. | payment of a penalty according to Article 9.4 (Penalty) of the Loan Agreement due if the Borrower fails to timely fulfill an obligation of payment of any amount due under the Financial Document; such penalty being 2/365 interest rate established under Article 9.1 (Interest Calculation) of the Loan Agreement taking into account the provisions of Article 9.2 (Margin Adjustment) of the Loan Agreement, of an overdue debt of the Outstanding Loan for each day of delay. A penalty is calculated on an overdue amount during a period from a date following an established maturity date to a date of actual payment (prior to or after delivery of a judgment);

[TABLE] 2.3.4. | payment of reimbursement for funds available for granting the Loan under Article 11.1 (Fee for the Obligation under the Agreement) of the Loan Agreement, which amount shall be calculated as follows:

[TABLE] (a) | at the rate of 0.15 (zero point one five) percent per annum of an amount of the Unused Loan Limit within Tranche A (without deduction of an amount to be granted);

[TABLE] (b) | at the rate of 0.5 (zero point five) percent per annum of an amount of the Unused Loan Limit within Tranche B (without deduction of an amount to be granted), such consideration being accrued for the Disbursement Period of Tranche A and the Disbursement Period of Tranche B, respectively, and paid as follows:

[TABLE] (c) | in respect of the Unused Loan Limited of Tranche A, on the last day of the Disbursement Period of Tranche A or on the Disbursement Date of Tranche A, whichever occurs first;

[TABLE] (d) | in respect of the Unused Loan Limited of Tranche B, on the last Business Day of each calendar month within the Disbursement Period of Tranche B or on the last day of the Disbursement Period of Tranche B, whichever occurs first.

[TABLE] 2.3.5. | payment of a Lenders’ consideration for granting the Loan under Article 11.2 (Loan Extension Fee) of the Loan Agreement which amounts to:

[TABLE] (a) | 1.5 (one point five) percent of Tranche A;

[TABLE] (b) | 1.5 (one point five) percent of Tranche B;

[TABLE] (c) | 0.25 (zero point two five) percent of Tranche C; and

[TABLE] (d) | 0.25 (zero point two five) percent of Tranche D

[TABLE] 2.3.6. | reimbursement to the Parties to the Financing for any costs or losses to be reimbursed under Articles 14.1 (Reimbursement for Currency Costs), 14.3 (Reimbursement for Costs of the Credit Agent) and 14.4 (Transaction-Related Costs), 14.5 (Amendment Costs) of the Loan Agreement.

[TABLE] 2.3.7. | reimbursement to the Parties to the Financing for any documented costs (including fees of any legal and other advisers) incurred by a Party to the Financing because of a mandatory performance of any Financial Document or protection of its rights under the Financial Documents, including, but not limited to any cases of seizure, maintenance, preparation for sale, sale or other enforcement of the Collateral and its sale hereunder or a judicial protection of rights of the Lenders under the Loan Agreement and (or) this Agreement.

[TABLE] 2.3.8. | reimbursement to the Parties to the Financing for any expenses under Article 14.2 (Reimbursement for Other Costs) of the Loan Agreement incurred by a Party to the Financing as a result of:

[TABLE] (a) | occurrence of the Event of Default;

[TABLE] (b) | impossibility to grant the Loan to the Borrower against the Disbursement Request pursuant to any provisions of the Loan Agreement; or

[TABLE] (c) | the Borrower’s inability to early repay the Outstanding Loan or a part thereof, in spite of an early repayment notice submitted to the Credit Agent.

[TABLE] 2.3.9. | payment of any other amounts due under the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement;

[TABLE] 2.3.10. | full return of any funds obtained by the Borrower if the Loan Agreement is not valid, and payment of such interest for an illegal use of the funds and/or for use of third parties’ funds as accrued under the applicable laws, as well as reimbursement for any losses (except for lost profit) incurred as a result of an illegal use of such funds.

[TABLE] 2.4. | The Pledgor’s ownership of the Collateral and the authorities to dispose of it shall be proved by:

[TABLE] (a) | the Sale and Purchase Agreement for a Participatory Interest in the Authorized Capital of the Company dated January 30, 2007, between Maxim Petrovich Gortsakalyan as a seller and SALVADA COMPANY LIMITED (registration number HE 178226, registered address: Diagorou 4, Kermia Building, 6th floor, Office 601, 1097, Nicosia, Cyprus) as a buyer. The change of the name of SALVADA COMPANY LIMITED to HEADHUNTER FSU LIMITED was registered on May 9, 2011; and

[TABLE] (b) | the extract from the EGRUL w/o No. was issued on May 26, 2016.

[TABLE] 2.5. | The pledge right arises for the Pledgee since the state registration with an authority performing state registration of legal entities.

[TABLE] 2.6. | The pledge arising hereunder fully secures the Obligations as they are by the time of satisfaction, including interest, penalty, reimbursement for losses (except for lost profit) caused by a delay in fulfillment, as well as reimbursement for all costs of the Pledgee necessary for foreclosure.

[TABLE] 2.7. | Until the pledge of the Collateral is expired or terminated, the rights of the member of the Company (including the rights to vote at the general meeting of members of the Company and to participate in the management of the Company) shall be exercised by the Pledgor, unless the Company receives a Pledgee’s written notice sent in any Event of Default provided for by Article 21 (Events of Default) of the Loan Agreement (including failure of the Pledgor to fulfill any obligations provided for hereby) (except for any cases of provision by the Credit Agent of waivers of the Lenders to exercise their rights under the Loan Agreement in any Events of Default under the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement). Since the receipt of such notice by the Company (until the Credit Agent revokes it, if applicable), member’s rights (all or any specified in the notice) shall be exercised by the Pledgee. Such notice shall also be sent to the Pledgor.

[TABLE] 2.8. | The Collateral shall not be subject to insurance.

[TABLE] 2.9. | The pledge shall remain in force if the Collateral passes to any third parties.

[TABLE] 2.10. | A subsequent pledge agreement may be concluded by the Pledgor with any third party provided that the following terms and conditions are met:

[TABLE] (a) | a subsequent pledge agreement shall provide for the same Collateral enforcement procedure and the same methods of disposal of the pledged property as this Agreement;

[TABLE] (b) | a subsequent pledge agreement shall provide for a prohibition against filing any claims by a subsequent pledgee to the debtor in terms of early fulfillment of the obligation secured by the subsequent pledge if the Pledgee enforces the pledged property; and

[TABLE] (c) | if a subsequent pledgee enforces the Collateral and the Pledgee also files a claim to enforce the pledged property, the Pledgee shall be entitled to choose the Collateral enforcement manner and a method of disposal of the pledged property. An appraiser, a tender organizer and a disposal price must be determined under the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

[TABLE] 2.11. | If the Obligations are partially fulfilled, the pledge of the Collateral shall remain in its original volume until the Obligations are fulfilled completely.

[TABLE] 2.12. | If there are any adjustments of the authorized capital of the Company in the manner established by the laws of the Russian Federation, provided that the provisions of the Loan Agreement and this Agreement are fulfilled, the Pledgor and the Pledgee shall, within 15 (Fifteen) Business Days from the date of state registration of such changes amending the Articles of Association of the Company, enter into a supplementary agreement hereto, as well as take any necessary actions for securing of the Pledgee’s pledge right for the Pledgor’s participatory interest in the adjusted authorized capital of the Company if the conclusion of such supplementary agreement and (or) taking of such actions for securing of the pledge right are required by law; the Pledgee shall always retain a participatory interest of the size as specified in Clause 2.1 hereof.

[TABLE] 3. | PLEDGOR’S OBLIGATIONS

[TABLE] 3.1. | Execute the pledge according to the laws of the Russian Federation.

[TABLE] (a) | registration of the pledge created hereunder in the EGRUL; and

[TABLE] (b) | existence of Encumbrance of the Collateral created hereunder.

[TABLE] 3.2. | Execute the pledge according to the laws of the Republic of Cyprus.

[TABLE] 3.2.1. | The Pledgor shall, within 10 (Ten) Business Days from the date of this Agreement, provide the Pledgee acting as the Credit Agent under the Loan Agreement with a certified copy of the register of mortgages and other pledges of the Pledgor; such register shall prove making an entry on this Agreement under Clause 99(1) of Companies Act, Cap. 113, as amended.

[TABLE] 3.2.2. | The Pledgor shall, within 15 (Fifteen) Business Days from the date of this Agreement, provide the Pledgee acting as the Credit Agent under the Loan Agreement with an original pledge registration certificate issued by the Registrar of Companies in Cyprus proving that this Agreement has been registered within due time limits by the Registrar of Companies in Cyprus under Clause 90 of Companies Act, Cap. 113, as amended.

[TABLE] 3.3. | Collateral

[TABLE] 3.3.1. | The Pledgor shall not dispose of the Collateral or replace the Collateral without the prior written consent of the Pledgee acting as the Credit Agent under the Loan Agreement, inter alia, shall not pledge or otherwise encumber the Collateral, except if the provisions of Clause 2.10 above are fulfilled;

[TABLE] 3.3.2. | The Pledgor shall not take any actions contradicting any terms or conditions of this Agreement which will or may lead to the loss of the Collateral or decrease in its cost;

[TABLE] 3.3.3. | The Pledgor shall immediately notify the Pledgee if there arises a possibility to lose the title to the Collateral; shall notify the Pledgee of any actions of third parties against the Collateral and/or their claim on the Collateral, of any such Encumbrance imposed on the Collateral which violates any terms and conditions hereof, as well as of occurrence of any other circumstances related to the Collateral which may have a negative impact on the Pledgor’s ability to fulfill its obligations hereunder or have any material negative impact on the status and priority of the Pledgee’s rights hereunder; shall bear any necessary costs for settlement of any arising conflicts for protection of the Collateral; shall claim the Collateral from any third party’s illegal possession under the laws of the Russian Federation; shall immediately notify the Pledgor in writing of any information received by the Pledgor from third parties and related to any offer or a binding resolution (order, decree, judgment, instruction, etc.) of a governmental or local authority concerning any transfer of the Collateral to any third party (irrespective of a transfer method) or related to any offer of transfer of any rights to the Collateral or a part thereof to third parties;

[TABLE] 3.3.4. | If the Collateral is lost, the Pledgor shall, within 60 (Sixty) days from the loss of the Collateral, offer the Lenders any respective property to replace the lost Collateral, and the Pledgor shall, within 120 (One hundred and twenty) days from the date of agreement of the property which will replace the Collateral with the Pledgee acting as the Credit Agent under the Loan Agreement, provide an equal property (whose composition is agreed with the Lenders) instead of the lost Collateral and (or) extend this Agreement to any other property whose composition is agreed with the Lenders for the market price of such property to be not less than the market price of the lost property;

[TABLE] 3.3.5. | If the whole Collateral or any part thereof is withdrawn by any authority or with the help thereof, inter alia, in the process of requisition, confiscation or nationalization of the Collateral, or if there is any other action or omission of an authority which will influence the use or the cost of the Collateral, the Pledgor shall take all necessary measures for reservation and protection of the rights and interests of the Pledgee in respect of the Collateral affected by such event, including filing of claims for damages, and faithfully assist the Pledgee in carrying out actions that the Pledgee may deem necessary in connection with any of the events described above;

[TABLE] 3.3.6. | In case of a dispute with any third parties regarding the Collateral, the Pledgor shall fulfill its procedural obligations in good faith, including presentation of evidence proving that the Collateral belongs to the Pledgor.

[TABLE] 3.4. | Prohibition Against Reorganization and Reduction of the Authorized Capital of the Company

[TABLE] 3.5. | Prohibition Against Increase of the Authorized Capital of the Company

[TABLE] 3.6. | Prohibition Against any Amendments to the Constituent Documents of the Company

[TABLE] 3.7. | Restrictions on Payment of Dividends by the Company

[TABLE] 3.8. | Information

[TABLE] 3.8.1. | In case of any such changes in information about the Pledgor within the validity term of this Agreement as may affect the proper fulfillment of any obligations hereunder by the Pledgor, the Pledgor shall notify the Pledgee acting as the Credit Agent under the Loan Agreement, of such changes within 7 (Seven) Business Days from the date of state registration of such changes;

[TABLE] 3.8.2. | The Pledgor shall notify the Pledgee acting as the Credit Agent under the Loan Agreement in writing of changing the location or postal address of the Pledgor within 20 (Twenty) days from the date of such change.

[TABLE] 3.8.3. | The Pledgor shall notify the Pledgee acting as the Credit Agent under the Loan Agreement in writing of any resolution of the authorized management body of the Pledgor to liquidate and (or) reorganize the Pledgor, immediately after the adoption of such resolution.

[TABLE] 3.9. | Enforcement.

[TABLE] 3.10. | Permissions and Corporate Approvals.

[TABLE] 3.11. | Additional General Obligations

[TABLE] 3.11.1. | The Pledgor shall ensure that it takes all necessary actions and signs any documents within the scope of its authorities (including submission of documents and registration) for creation, execution, implementation, protection and reservation of security hereunder which is provided to the Pledgee;

[TABLE] 3.11.2. | The Pledgor shall assist the Pledgee in exercising control over the Pledgor’s fulfillment of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, assist the Pledgee in carrying out inspections of documents on the existence and condition of the Collateral. The Pledgor shall provide such documents within:

[TABLE] (a) | 10 (Ten) Business Days from the date of receipt of the relevant request if the Pledgor or the Company has relevant documents or they can be obtained by the Pledgor or the Company within the specified period; or

[TABLE] (b) | within a reasonable time if the Pledgor and the Company do not have relevant documents and they cannot be obtained by the Pledgor or the Company within the specified period;

[TABLE] 3.11.3. | The Pledgor shall not disclose the contents of this Agreement and any information relating to the performance hereof to third parties, except for the cases described in Article 28.2 (Disclosure of Confidential Information) of the Loan Agreement.

[TABLE] 4. | CONDITIONS OF AND PROCEDURE FOR ENFORCEMENT OF THE COLLATERAL

[TABLE] 4.1. | In case of failure to fulfill or improper fulfillment (including a one-time event) of any of the Obligations taking into account the restrictions established by the Loan Agreement, the occurrence of any Event of Default as provided for in Article 21 (Events of Default) of the Loan Agreement (except for any cases of provision by the Credit Agent of waivers of the Lenders to exercise their rights under the Loan Agreement in any relevant Event of Default under the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement), as well as in other cases provided for by law, the Pledgee is entitled to enforce the Collateral at its discretion judicially or extra-judicially.

[TABLE] 4.2. | In case of enforcement of the Collateral in a judicial or extra-judicial procedure, it is disposed at the discretion of the Pledgee, inter alia, in any sequence:

[TABLE] 4.2.1. | when enforced in court:

[TABLE] (a) | by sale of the Collateral at public tenders;

[TABLE] (b) | by retaining of the Collateral by the Pledgee;

[TABLE] (c) | by sale of the Collateral by the Pledgee to any third party (third parties);

[TABLE] 4.2.2. | when enforced extra-judicially:

[TABLE] (a) | by sale of the Collateral by the Pledgee to any third party (third parties);

[TABLE] (b) | by retaining of the Collateral by the Pledgee;

[TABLE] (c) | by sale of the Collateral at open tenders conducted by a tender organizer acting under an agreement with the Pledgee.

[TABLE] 4.3. | Such extra-judicial procedure for enforcement of the Collateral as provided for in this Agreement is not a pre-judicial dispute settlement procedure. When applying to a court, the Pledgee is not obliged to provide evidence that it has taken (or not taken) actions to enforce the Collateral in an extra-judicial manner established by this Agreement. The beginning of an extra-judicial enforcement of the Collateral does not prevent the Pledgee against filing a claim in court to enforce the Collateral at any time.

[TABLE] 4.4. | The Pledgee may, at its own discretion, foreclose both the entire Collateral and part of the participatory interest forming the Collateral, while retaining the opportunity later to enforce the remaining part of the participatory interest forming the Collateral.

[TABLE] 4.5. | If the Collateral is enforced extra-judicially, as specified in Clause 4.2.2 above, the Collateral shall be disposed not earlier than 8 (Eight) Business Days after the receipt by the Pledgor of the Notice sent to its address under Clause 8.3 below.

[TABLE] 4.6. | The Pledgor shall assist the Pledgee in the foreclosure and disposal of the Collateral and timely submit all necessary documents which shall be duly executed.

[TABLE] 4.7. | In order to dispose of the Collateral, the Pledgee may, on its own behalf, make all necessary transactions which are relevant to its legal capacity, inter alia, with an organizer of public tenders, and also sign and receive all necessary documents, including, but not limited to acceptance certificates.

[TABLE] 4.8. | If the Pledgee disposes of the Collateral to any third party (third parties) judicially or extra-judicially or if the Pledgee retains the Collateral, the disposal price of the Collateral (a price at which the Pledgee may retain the Collateral) shall be determined as equal to the market cost of the Collateral established in the Appraiser’s Report.

[TABLE] 4.9. | If the Pledgee disposes of the Collateral at any tender to any third party (third parties) judicially or extra-judicially, the initial sale price of the Collateral from which the tender starts shall be determined equal to 80% of the market cost of the Collateral established in the Appraiser’s Report.

[TABLE] 4.10. | If the Collateral is enforced extra-judicially and a tender has been declared failed because less than two buyers appeared or if there was no bid at a tender, a subsequent tender shall be held by a consistent lowering of the price down from the initial sale price at the first tender. In that case, the sale price of the Collateral shall be consistently reduced by 5 (Five) percent of the initial sale price at the first tender. If the sale price is reduced by 30 (Thirty) percent of the initial sale price at the first tender, the amount of the further decrease in the sale price of the Collateral shall be set at 3 (Three) percent of the initial sale price at the first tender. In that case, such sale price of the Collateral as established at a subsequent tender conducted by successively reducing the price from the initial sale price at the first tender cannot be less than 50 (Fifty) percent of the initial sale price at the first tender.

[TABLE] 4.11. | If an independent appraiser is engaged, it shall be selected at the discretion of the Pledgee from among the following appraisers: KPMG Joint-Stock Company, Deloitte CIS Holdings Limited, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLC, and Ernst & Young Global Limited. An agreement between an appraiser and the Pledgee shall be concluded on conditions acceptable to the Pledgee. The Pledgor shall bear any costs related to payment for appraiser’s services. If the Pledgee pays for appraiser’s services, the Pledgor shall reimburse for the Pledgee’s costs within 10 (Ten) Business Days from the sending a documented claim by the Pledgee to the Pledgor under Clause 8.3 below.

[TABLE] 4.12. | In case of the foreclosure and disposal of the Collateral, the Appraiser’s Report shall be prepared not less than 3 (Three) months prior to the date of sending the Notice (in case of an extra-judicial enforcement) or at least 3 (Three) months prior to the date of applying to a court (in case of a judicial enforcement).

[TABLE] 4.13. | If the Collateral is enforced by selling at a tender, a tender organizer shall be a specialized entity or another person registered in the Russian Federation, chosen by the Pledgee and acting under an agreement concluded with such tender organizer.

[TABLE] 4.14. | If the Collateral is sold to any third party (third parties) judicially or extra-judicially, the Pledgee shall, within 3 (Three) Business Days from the date of crediting of funds, i.e. a price of the sold Collateral, to a Pledgee’s account, send to the Pledgor a copy of the sale and purchase agreement certified by the Pledgee (copies of such agreements) concluded with a buyer of the Collateral.

[TABLE] 4.15. | If an amount received from the disposal of the Collateral or a price at which the Pledgee retains the Collateral exceeds a claim amount of the Pledgee, the difference shall be returned to the Pledgor.

[TABLE] 4.16. | If the Collateral is enforced, such difference shall be returned to the Pledgor within 10 (Ten) Business Days from the date of crediting of funds, i.e. a disposal price of the Collateral to a Pledgee’s account (from the date of acquiring of the title to the Collateral by the Pledgee if it retains the Collateral).

[TABLE] 4.17. | The Pledgor may cease the foreclosure of the Collateral within a period prior to its disposal (such period may not be shorter than the period specified in Clause 4.5 above) fulfilling the Obligation or the part thereof the fulfillment of which is delayed. Besides, the Pledgee shall cease the foreclosure and disposal of the Collateral if the Borrower or any of the Guarantors fulfills the Obligation or the part thereof the fulfillment of which is delayed within a period prior to its disposal (such period may not be shorter that the period specified in Clause 4.5 above)

[TABLE] 5. | REPRESENTATIONS OF PLEDGOR’S CIRCUMSTANCES

[TABLE] 5.1. | Status

[TABLE] 5.1.1. | The Pledgor is a legal entity duly incorporated and legally acting under the applicable law; and

[TABLE] 5.1.2. | The Pledgor is the full owner of the property belonging to it and carries out its activities under the applicable law.

[TABLE] 5.2. | Legal Capacity and Authority

[TABLE] 5.2.1. | The Pledgor has the legal capacity and authority to execute and perform this Agreement and the transaction envisaged hereby and has obtained all necessary approvals for execution and performance of this Agreement in the manner provided for by law and its constituent and other internal regulations, including the approval of the transaction provided for herein. A person acting on behalf of the Pledgor may enter into this Agreement;

[TABLE] 5.2.2. | The pledge created hereunder does not have any signs of a transaction requiring the obtainment by the Pledgor of the consent of an anti-monopoly authority for its performance, in particular, under Federal Law of the Russian Federation No. 135-  dated July 26, 2006, “On Protection of Competition”;

[TABLE] 5.3. | Validity

[TABLE] 5.3.1. | This Agreement is a legitimate, valid, binding and enforceable obligation of the Pledgor;

[TABLE] 5.3.2. | This Agreement is drawn up in a form ensuring its enforceability in the Russian Federation.

[TABLE] 5.4. | Absence of Contradictions

[TABLE] (a) | the applicable law of the Russian Federation and the Republic of Cyprus or other legislation that, in the reasonable opinion of the Pledgor, is applicable;

[TABLE] (b) | its constituent and other internal regulations;

[TABLE] (c) | any resolutions of its management bodies; and

[TABLE] (d) | any other documents or agreements that are binding on the Pledgor.

[TABLE] 5.5. | Title

[TABLE] 5.6. | Collateral

[TABLE] 5.6.1. | A participatory interest being the Collateral has been duly recognized in the balance sheet of the Pledgor, has been fully paid in accordance with the legislation of the Russian Federation, the Articles of Association and resolutions of the Company’s management bodies, and the Pledgor has no obligations to the Company and/or third parties to pay the Collateral;

[TABLE] 5.6.2. | Neither the Pledgor, nor the Company provided any option for acquisition, rights of pre-emption, rights of first refusal or any other rights being the right to purchase participatory interest in the authorized capital of the Company, except for such preemptive right of members to acquire a participatory interest as provided for by law;

[TABLE] 5.6.3. | The constituent documents of the Company do not provide for any restrictions on and prohibitions against the pledge of the Collateral under this Agreement in favor of a third party, transfer of the right to the specified Collateral upon concluding this Agreement and its enforcement, the preemptive right to purchase a participatory interest or a part thereof in the authorized capital by the Company at a price determined in the Articles of Association in advance, except as provided for by law;

[TABLE] 5.6.4. | The Company has not concluded any agreements on exercising of rights of members with its members;

[TABLE] 5.6.5. | No court, arbitration or administrative proceedings have been initiated against the Collateral, and no investigative actions have been taken. The Collateral is not seized, restricted or prohibited, nor it is encumbered.

[TABLE] 5.7. | Registration Requirements

[TABLE] 5.8. | Priority of the Pledge

[TABLE] 5.9. | Regulated Procurement

[TABLE] 6. | TERM OF PROVISION OF REPRESENTATIONS OF CIRCUMSTANCES

[TABLE] 6.1. | The Pledgor shall submit representations of circumstances specified in Article 5 (Representations of Circumstances of the Pledgor) hereof at the date of this Agreement.

[TABLE] 6.2. | Except where any representations of circumstances of the Pledgor shall be submitted on a certain date, all representations of circumstances are considered to be submitted by the Pledgor on the date of the Disbursement Request, on each Disbursement Date and on the first day of each Interest Period.

[TABLE] 6.3. | If any representations of circumstances are provided again, they are extended to the circumstances existing at the time of their subsequent submission.

[TABLE] 6.4. | The representations contained in Clause 5.6.5 are given only on the date of this Agreement.

[TABLE] 7. | REIMBURSEMENT FOR DAMAGE AND COSTS

[TABLE] 8. | FINAL PROVISIONS

[TABLE] 8.1. | Any messages sent by the Parties under this Agreement shall be made in writing and may be sent by courier, by mail with return receipt, by fax or by e-mail. For the purposes of this Agreement, a message transmitted using electronic means of communication shall be deemed to be in writing.

[TABLE] 8.2. | Any message or document sent by the Parties in connection with this Agreement shall be deemed to have been received (except for cases of notification in accordance with the laws of the Russian Federation in case of enforcement of the Collateral and other cases expressly provided for by the Agreement):

[TABLE] (a) | after receiving a message in a legible form when sent by fax or by another method which allows to establish reliably that the message is from a respective Party; or

[TABLE] (b) | upon delivery to the relevant address when sent by courier; or

[TABLE] (c) | upon delivery to the relevant address or 5 (Five) Business Days after submitting to the post office when sent by mail with return receipt, whichever occurs first.

[TABLE] 8.3. | Unless otherwise provided for below, the contact details of each Party for all messages in connection with this Agreement are data which such Party reported to the Pledgee acting as the Credit Agent under the Loan Agreement for this purpose.

[TABLE] (a) | Contact information of the Pledgor:

[TABLE] Headhunter FSU Limited

[TABLE] Address: | 42 Dositheou, Strovolos 2028, Nicosia, Cyprus

[TABLE] Mail address: | 42 Dositheou, Strovolos 2028, Nicosia, Cyprus

[TABLE] Fax: | +35722679096

[TABLE] E-mail: | info@fiduserve.com

[TABLE] Attn: | The Directors / Stelios Haralambous

[TABLE] Contact information of the Pledgee:

[TABLE] Bank VTB (Public Joint-Stock Company)

[TABLE] Address: | 29, Bolshaya Morskaya St.,
Saint Petersburg, 190000

[TABLE] Mail address: | 43 Vorontsovskaya St., bld. 1, Moscow, 109147

[TABLE] Fax: | +7 495 775-54-54

[TABLE] Telephone: | +7 495 956-71-48

[TABLE] E-mail: | loanadmin@msk.vtb.ru; TM21@msk.vtb.ru

[TABLE] Attn: | Credit Authority

[TABLE] (b) | Any Party may change its contact details by sending a respective notice to the other Party at least 5 (Five) Business Days prior to such change.

[TABLE] (c) | If a Party specifies a particular division or official as a recipient of a message, such message shall not be considered to be sent if such division or official is not designated as the recipient.

[TABLE] 8.4. | The Pledgor hereby gives the Pledgee the consent to be liable for performance of the obligations under the Loan Agreement, inter alia, if the Lenders increase the interest rate unilaterally under the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement, as well as if any amendments are made to the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement, including, but not limited to, in case of change of any terms or other conditions of repayment of the Loan, interest rates, commissions and fees, conditions of ensuring the performance of obligations under the Loan Agreement, penalties, and shall be liable for a complete fulfillment of the obligations under the Loan Agreement in accordance with the amended terms or conditions of the Loan Agreement.

[TABLE] 8.5. | If the Borrower’s rights and obligations under the Loan Agreement are transferred by succession to another person and/or the loan under the Loan Agreement is transferred, the Pledgor hereby expresses its consent to be liable for the new debtor under the Loan Agreement. The transfer of debt under the Loan Agreement does not result in extinction of pledge hereunder.

[TABLE] 8.6. | The Pledgor hereby confirms that it is aware of all the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement, inter alia, all circumstances that are the basis for filing a claim for the Borrower’s early performance of obligations under the Loan Agreement, and there is no excuse for the Pledgor to claim to be unaware.

[TABLE] 8.7. | The Pledgor shall not have the right to raise any objections against the Pledgee’s claims that may be raised by the Borrower as a borrower under the Loan Agreement.

[TABLE] 8.8. | The Pledgor hereby agrees that if the debt under the Loan Agreement is early claimed or enforcement hereunder occurs, the Pledgee may transfer any information directly or indirectly related to the Agreement to a third party engaged by the Pledgee at its discretion to settle the debt.

[TABLE] 8.9. | If the Lender under the Loan Agreement cedes its rights and/or transfers obligations under the Loan Agreement and other Financial Documents to another bank, another credit or financial institution, a fund, the Central Bank of the Russian Federation or a third party in accordance with Article 20.2 (Assignment of Rights and Transfer of Obligations by the Lenders) of the Loan Agreement (hereinafter referred to as the “New Lender” for the purposes of this Clause), then such New Lender becomes the Pledgee under this Agreement provided that a respective entry is made in the EGRUL.

[TABLE] 8.10. | The Pledgee shall, within 15 (Fifteen) Business Days from the date of a complete fulfillment of the Obligations, at the request of the Pledgor, sign an application together with the Pledgor to the body carrying out the state registration of legal entities, on termination of pledge of the Collateral and perform other actions required by law for termination of pledge of the Collateral.

[TABLE] 8.11. | Such material change in circumstances as described in Article 451 of the Civil Code cannot serve as a basis for amending or terminating this Agreement on the initiative of the Pledgor. For the avoidance of doubt, the Parties hereby confirm that this Clause 8.11 does not limit the right of the Parties to modify or terminate this Agreement on the terms and conditions stipulated herein or by agreement of the Parties.

[TABLE] 8.12. | This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Parties arising out of this Agreement shall be governed and construed by the laws of the Russian Federation.

[TABLE] 8.13. | If any provision hereof becomes invalid or inconsistent with the laws of the Russian Federation due to any changes in the laws of the Russian Federation in effect at the conclusion hereof, all other provisions hereof shall remain valid.

[TABLE] 8.14. | If any dispute arises in connection with this Agreement, including, but not limited to, any dispute concerning its provisions, existence, validity or termination, such dispute shall be settled by the Moscow Arbitration Court.

[TABLE] 8.15. | This Agreement shall be subject to notarization. All amendments hereto shall be in writing and notarized.

[TABLE] 8.16. | The Agreement shall come into force upon being notarized and shall be valid until the Parties have fulfilled their obligations in full.

[TABLE] 8.17. | This Agreement is made in three counterparts, one shall be kept by Roman Vasilyevich Ryabov, a notary of Moscow, at the address: 9, Krasnoproletarskaya St., Moscow, one for the Pledgee, and one for the Pledgor.

[TABLE] 8.18. | The Parties agree that the Company shall be notified by the Pledgor of the pledge of the Collateral.

[TABLE] 8.19. | The contents of Articles 334-358 of the Civil Code, Article 22 of Federal Law No. 14-  “On Limited Liability Companies” dated February 08, 1998, Articles 94.1, 94.2, 94.3, 94.4 of the Fundamental Principles of Legislation of the Russian Federation on the Notarial Services have been explained by the notary to the Parties.

[TABLE] Full name, signature:

[TABLE] Karen Eduardovich Agayan | /signature/

[TABLE] Vitaly Nikolaevich Buzoverya | /signature/

[TABLE] L.S. | /signature/ | R. V. Ryabov

[TABLE] Seal:
[MOSCOW NOTARY
R. V. RYABOV
INN (Taxpayer Identification Number) 770305583110]

[TABLE] Notary | /signature/         ]

[TABLE] HERBERT
SMITH
FREEHILLS | EXECUTION COPY

[TABLE] 1. | DEFINITIONS | 118

[TABLE] 2. | AMENDMENTS | 119

[TABLE] 3. | LIMITATIONS | 119

[TABLE] 4. | REPRESENTATIONS | 120

[TABLE] 5. | APPLICABLE LAW | 120

[TABLE] 6. | DISPUTE SETTLEMENT | 120

[TABLE] 7. | EXECUTION | 120

[TABLE] APPENDIX 1 REVISED INDEPENDENT GUARANTEE ISSUE AGREEMENT | APPENDIX 1 REVISED INDEPENDENT GUARANTEE ISSUE AGREEMENT | APPENDIX 1 REVISED INDEPENDENT GUARANTEE ISSUE AGREEMENT | 121

[TABLE] (1) | HEADHUNTER LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Russian Federation, registration number1067761906805, located at: 9, Godovikova St., bld. 10, Moscow, the Russian Federation, as the guarantor hereunder (the “Guarantor”).

[TABLE] (2) | ZEMENIK LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Russian Federation, registered in the Unified State Register of Legal Entities of the Russian Federation under number (OGRN (Primary State Registration Number)): 1167746153860, located at: 4 Akademika Ilyushina St., bld. 1, office 54, Moscow, the Russian Federation, 125319, as the principal hereunder and the Borrower under the Loan Agreement (the “Borrower”); and

[TABLE] (3) | BANK VTB (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY), a public joint-stock company incorporated under the laws of the Russian Federation, registered in the Unified State Register of Legal Entities (EGRUL) under number (Primary State Registration Number (OGRN)): 1027739609391, with its office at the address: 29, Bolshaya Morskaya St., Saint Petersburg, Russia, 190000, as the beneficiary hereunder and the Credit Agent, Organizer and Original Lender under the Loan Agreement (the “Original Lender” and the “Credit Agent”)

[TABLE] (A) | The Original Lender as a credit agent, organizer and original lender and the Borrower as a borrower have entered into the Syndicated Loan Agreement dated May 16, 2016, as amended by Amendment Agreement No. 1 dated December 14, 2016, Amendment Agreement No. 2 dated June 28, 2017, and Amendment Agreement No. 3 dated October 5, 2017, (hereinafter referred to as “Amendment Agreement No. 3”) by which the Lender and the Borrower agreed to amend the Loan Agreement, inter alia, to increase a loan amount up to RUB 7,000,000,000 (seven billion Rubles).

[TABLE] (B) | The Parties entered into the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement dated May 16, 2016, (the “Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement”), and the Guarantor issued an independent guarantee dated May 16, 2016, in favor of the Original Lender under the Guarantee Issue Agreement (the “Guarantee”).

[TABLE] (C) | The Guarantor hereby confirms that it is aware of all the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement as amended by Amendment Agreement No. 3 and does not have the right to invoke the fact that it was not aware of such terms and conditions.

[TABLE] (D) | The Parties hereby agree to make such amendments to the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement and to the Guarantee as specified herein to ensure the fulfillment of the Borrower’s obligations under the Loan Agreement as amended by Amendment Agreement No. 3.

[TABLE] 1. | DEFINITIONS

[TABLE] 1.1. | Terms

[TABLE] 1.2. | Embedded Terms

[TABLE] 1.3. | Interpretation

[TABLE] 1.4. | Purpose

[TABLE] 2. | AMENDMENTS

[TABLE] (a) | The Parties agree that the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement shall be amended as specified in Appendix 1 (Revised Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement) since the date of this Agreement; the rights and obligations of the Parties under the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement shall be governed and construed under the Revised Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement since the date of this Agreement.

[TABLE] (b) | The Guarantor shall amend the Guarantee to reflect changes in the Secured Obligations and other amendments that are made to the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement in accordance with Clause (a) above (taking into account such amendments, hereinafter referred to as the “Revised Guarantee”).

[TABLE] 3. | LIMITATIONS

[TABLE] (a) | Any amendments to the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement hereunder shall be limited to the amendments specified in Article 2 (Amendments). No other provisions of the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement (except for those specified in Article 2 (Amendments)) shall be amended hereby.

[TABLE] (b) | The Guarantor hereby agrees to be liable for the obligations of the Borrower arising out of the Loan Agreement, for the avoidance of doubt, inter alia, taking into account the amendments introduced by Amendment Agreement No. 3, and confirms that the Guarantee is valid, has full legal force, and the Guarantor continues its due fulfillment of the obligations under the Revised Guarantee in accordance with its terms and conditions, as well as with the terms and conditions of the Revised Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement.

[TABLE] (c) | This Agreement does not relieve the Guarantor of any obligations under the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement or the Guarantee.

[TABLE] 4. | REPRESENTATIONS

[TABLE] (a) | The Guarantor grants the Original Lender the representations of circumstances set forth in Article 3 (Representations of Circumstances of the Guarantor) of the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement.

[TABLE] (b) | Any representations of circumstances specified in Clause (a) above shall be provided by the Guarantor on the date of this Agreement with a reference to the circumstances existing on the date hereof.

[TABLE] (c) | Any references to the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement in such representations of circumstances as provided according to Clause (a) above shall be deemed as including, inter alia, references to this Agreement.

[TABLE] 5. | APPLICABLE LAW

[TABLE] 6. | DISPUTE SETTLEMENT

[TABLE] (a) | If any dispute arises in connection with this Agreement, including, but not limited to, any dispute concerning its provisions, existence, validity or termination, such dispute shall be subject to pre-trial settlement by sending a respective claim by either Party to the other Party. If a Party does not receive an answer to the sent claim and if the dispute is not settled within 10 (ten) Business Days from the date of receipt of the claim by the other Party, such dispute may be referred to court under Sub-Clause (b) below.

[TABLE] (b) | According to the provisions of Sub-Clause (a) above, if any dispute arises in connection with this Agreement, including, but not limited to, any dispute concerning its provisions, existence, validity or termination, such dispute shall be settled by the Moscow Arbitration Court.

[TABLE] 7. | EXECUTION

[TABLE] 1. | TERMS AND DEFINITIONS | 124

[TABLE] 2. | INDEPENDENT GUARANTEE AND REIMBURSEMENT OF LOSSES | 128

[TABLE] 3. | REPRESENTATIONS OF GUARANTOR’S CIRCUMSTANCES | 129

[TABLE] 4. | OBLIGATIONS AND LIABILITY OF THE GUARANTOR | 132

[TABLE] 5. | VALIDITY TERM | 142

[TABLE] 6. | PAYMENT CLAIM, PAYMENTS, TAXES AND CURRENCY | 143

[TABLE] 7. | NOTICES | 145

[TABLE] 8. | MISCELLANEOUS | 147

[TABLE] 9. | CLAIM ASSIGNMENT AND DEBT TRANSFER | 147

[TABLE] 10. | APPLICABLE LAW | 148

[TABLE] 11. | DISPUTE SETTLEMENT | 148

[TABLE] 12. | COUNTERPARTS | 148

[TABLE] APPENDIX 1 TERMS OF THE LOAN AGREEMENT | APPENDIX 1 TERMS OF THE LOAN AGREEMENT | APPENDIX 1 TERMS OF THE LOAN AGREEMENT | 149

[TABLE] (1) | HEADHUNTER LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Russian Federation, registration number1067761906805, located at: 9, Godovikova St., bld. 10, Moscow, the Russian Federation, represented by Mikhail Alexandrovich Zhukov, acting under the Articles of Association, as the guarantor hereunder (the “Guarantor”).

[TABLE] (2) | ZEMENIK LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Russian Federation, registered in the Unified State Register of Legal Entities of the Russian Federation under number (OGRN (Primary State Registration Number)): 1167746153860, located at: 4 Akademika Ilyushina St., bld. 1, office 54, Moscow, 125319, the Russian Federation, represented by Karen Eduardovich Agayan, acting under the Articles of Association, as the principal hereunder and the Borrower under the Loan Agreement (the “Borrower”); and

[TABLE] (3) | BANK VTB (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY), a public joint-stock company incorporated under the laws of the Russian Federation, registered in the Unified State Register of Legal Entities (EGRUL) under number (Primary State Registration Number (OGRN)): 1027739609391, located at: 29, Bolshaya Morskaya St., Saint Petersburg, the Russian Federation, 190000, represented by Vitaly Nikolaevich Buzoverya, acting under Power of Attorney 350000/25-  ”, certified on January 14, 2016, under register number 2-25, as the beneficiary under this Agreement and the Credit Agent, Organizer and Original Lender under the Loan Agreement (the “Original Lender” and the “Credit Agent”)

[TABLE] (A) | According to the Loan Agreement, the Original Lender agrees to grant the Borrower funds in Rubles in an aggregate amount not exceeding RUB 7,000,000,000 (seven billion Rubles) on the terms and conditions stipulated in the Loan Agreement.

[TABLE] (B) | One of the preconditions for granting of the Loan to the Borrower under the Loan Agreement is execution of this Agreement and issue of the Guarantee by the Guarantor in favor of the Original Lender.

[TABLE] (C) | This Agreement and the Guarantee are Financial Documents as defined in the Loan Agreement.

[TABLE] (D) | The Guarantor hereby confirms that it is aware of all the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement and does not have the right to invoke the fact that it was not aware of such terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement.

[TABLE] 1. | TERMS AND DEFINITIONS

[TABLE] 1.1. | Terms

[TABLE] (a) | payment of an aggregate principal of the Loan not exceeding RUB 7,000,000,000 (Seven billion Rubles) to be finally repaid within 1,825 (One thousand eight hundred and twenty-five) calendar days from the date of Amendment Agreement No. 3 in the manner established by Article 7 (Loan Repayment) of the Loan Agreement (inter alia, in case of a mandatory early repayment provided for by the Loan Agreement);

[TABLE] (b) | payment of interest due under Article 9 (Interest) of the Loan Agreement at an annual interest rate equal to:

[TABLE] (i) | a margin of:

[TABLE] (A) | 3.7 (three point seven) percent per annum for any Interest Period starting before the date of Amendment Agreement No. 3; or

[TABLE] (B) | 2.0 (two) percent per annum

[TABLE] (1) | for any Interest Period starting from the date of Amendment Agreement No. 3 or thereafter; or

[TABLE] (2) | 2.5 (two point five) percent per annum in any cases specified in Article 9.2 (Margin Adjustment) of the Loan Agreement; and

[TABLE] (ii) | the Key Interest Rate;

[TABLE] (c) | payment of a penalty according to Article 9.4 (Penalty) of the Loan Agreement due if the Borrower fails to timely fulfill an obligation of payment of any amount due under the Financial Document; such penalty being 2/365 interest rate established

[TABLE] under Article 9.1 (Interest Calculation) of the Loan Agreement taking into account the provisions of Article 9.2 (Margin Adjustment) of the Loan Agreement, of an overdue debt of the Outstanding Loan for each day of delay. A penalty is calculated on an overdue amount during a period from a date following an established maturity date to a date of actual payment (prior to or after delivery of a judgment);

[TABLE] (d) | payment of reimbursement for funds available for granting the Loan under Article 11.1 (Fee for the Obligation under the Agreement) of the Loan Agreement, which amount shall be calculated as follows:

[TABLE] (i) | at the rate of 0.15 (zero point one five) percent per annum of an amount of the Unused Loan Limit within Tranche A (without deduction of an amount to be granted);

[TABLE] (ii) | at the rate of 0.5 (zero point five) percent per annum of an amount of the Unused Loan Limit within Tranche B (without deduction of an amount to be granted), such consideration being accrued for the Disbursement Period of Tranche A and the Disbursement Period of Tranche B, respectively, and paid as follows:

[TABLE] (iii) | in respect of the Unused Loan Limited of Tranche A, on the last day of the Disbursement Period of Tranche A or on the Disbursement Date of Tranche A, whichever occurs first;

[TABLE] (iv) | in respect of the Unused Loan Limit of Tranche B, on the last Business Day of each calendar month within the Disbursement Period of Tranche B or on the last day of the Disbursement Period of Tranche B, whichever occurs first.

[TABLE] (e) | payment of a Lenders’ consideration for granting the Loan under Article 11.2 (Loan Extension Fee) of the Loan Agreement which amounts to:

[TABLE] (i) | 1.5 (one point five) percent of Tranche A;

[TABLE] (ii) | 1.5 (one point five) percent of Tranche B;

[TABLE] (iii) | 0.25 (zero point two five) percent of Tranche C; and

[TABLE] (iv) | 0.25 (zero point two five) percent of Tranche D prior to the Disbursement Date of a respective Tranche;

[TABLE] (f) | reimbursement to the Parties to the Financing for any costs or losses to be reimbursed under Articles 14.1 (Reimbursement for Currency Costs), 14.3 (Reimbursement for Costs of the Credit Agent) and 14.4 (Transaction-Related Costs), 14.5 (Amendment Costs) of the Loan Agreement.

[TABLE] (g) | reimbursement to the Parties to the Financing for any documented costs (including fees of any legal and other advisers) incurred by a Party to the Financing because of a mandatory performance of any Financial Document or protection of its rights under the Financial Documents.

[TABLE] (h) | reimbursement to the Parties to the Financing for any expenses under Article 14.2 (Reimbursement for Other Costs) of the Loan Agreement incurred by a Party to the Financing as a result of:

[TABLE] (i) | occurrence of the Event of Default;

[TABLE] (ii) | impossibility to grant the Loan to the Borrower against the Disbursement Request pursuant to any provisions of the Loan Agreement; or

[TABLE] (iii) | Borrower’s inability to early repay the Outstanding Loan or a part thereof, in spite of an early repayment notice submitted to the Credit Agent.

[TABLE] (i) | payment of any other amounts due under the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement;

[TABLE] (j) | full return of any funds obtained by the Borrower if the Loan Agreement is not valid, and payment of such interest for an illegal use of the funds and/or for use of third parties’ funds as accrued under the applicable laws, as well as reimbursement for any losses (except for lost profit) incurred as a result of an illegal use of such funds.

[TABLE] 1.2. | Interpretation

[TABLE] (a) | In this Agreement, unless the context requires otherwise:

[TABLE] (i) | until the Original Lender assigns its rights (claims) under this Agreement and the Guarantee to any person to whom it assigns its rights under the Loan Agreement pursuant to Article 9.2 (Transfer of Rights by the Lenders), all references to the Credit Agent and the Lenders shall mean references to the Original Lender. For the avoidance of doubt, this Clause (a) does not limit the obligations of the Guarantor provided for by Clause (b) of Article 9.2;

[TABLE] (ii) | a reference to the Credit Agent, the Organizer, the Financing Party, the Original Lender, the Lender, the Borrower, the Guarantor or a Party also implies a reference to their successors by virtue of law, the Loan Agreement or this Agreement;

[TABLE] (iii) | a document in a harmonized form means a document agreed in writing by the Credit Agent and the Guarantor or a document drawn up in a form acceptable to the Credit Agent;

[TABLE] (iv) | assets include existing or future property, income and rights of any kind;

[TABLE] (v) | a reference to the Financial Document or another agreement, document or financial instrument implies such Financial Document or another agreement, document or financial instrument as amended from time to time;

[TABLE] (vi) | a person includes any individual, legal entity, governmental authority, government or state;

[TABLE] (vii) | “laws” means any law, ordinance, decree, order, resolution, provision, rule, commissioner orders, requirements or recommendations of any legislative or executive state, municipal, interstate or international authority, ministry, department, service, agency or committee or any judicial body, as well as standards and rules of self-regulatory organizations that are mandatory for members of such self-regulating organizations (exclusively with respect to members of such self-regulating organizations);

[TABLE] (viii) | a reference to a legislative provision means a reference to such a provision as amended from time to time;

[TABLE] (ix) | it is understood that the words “include” and “including”, as well as the expression “inter alia” are accompanied by the words “but not limited to”;

[TABLE] (x) | Article, Sub-Clause, Clause or Appendix means a reference to an Article, Sub-Clause, Clause of this Agreement or an Appendix hereto;

[TABLE] (xi) | an indication of time means Moscow time, unless otherwise specifically indicated in this Agreement;

[TABLE] (xii) | the term “debt” includes any obligation (including, but not limited to a guarantee-based obligation) to pay or return cash, including, but not limited to any contingent transaction; and

[TABLE] (xiii) | a reference to the Lenders is a reference to all Lenders.

[TABLE] (b) | The headings in this Agreement shall not be deemed as affecting its interpretation.

[TABLE] 2. | INDEPENDENT GUARANTEE AND REIMBURSEMENT OF LOSSES

[TABLE] 2.1. | Independent Guarantee

[TABLE] 2.2. | Reimbursement for Losses

[TABLE] 3. | REPRESENTATIONS OF GUARANTOR’S CIRCUMSTANCES

[TABLE] 3.1. | Guarantor’s Representations

[TABLE] (a) | Status

[TABLE] (i) | The Guarantor is a legal entity duly incorporated and legally acting under the laws of the Russian Federation.

[TABLE] (ii) | The Guarantor is the full owner of the property belonging to it and carries out its activities under the applicable law.

[TABLE] (b) | Legal Capacity and Authority

[TABLE] (i) | The Guarantor has the legal capacity and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement, the Guarantee and each Financial Document to which the Guarantor is party and the transactions provided for thereby; and the Guarantor obtained all necessary approvals for the execution and performance of this Agreement, the Guarantee and each Financial Document to which the Guarantor is a party, in the manner provided for by law and the Guarantor’s constituent and other internal regulations, including approval of transactions provided for in this Agreement, the Guarantee and each Financial Document to which the Guarantor is party.

[TABLE] (ii) | A person acting on behalf of the Guarantor has the authority to enter into this Agreement, the Guarantee and each Financial Document to which the Guarantor is a party.

[TABLE] (c) | Validity

[TABLE] (i) | This Agreement, the Guarantee and each Financial Document to which the Guarantor is a party are a legitimate, valid, binding and enforceable obligation of the Guarantor.

[TABLE] (ii) | This Agreement, the Guarantee and each Financial Document to which the Guarantor is a party are drawn up in a form ensuring the enforceability thereof in the Russian Federation.

[TABLE] (d) | Absence of Contradictions

[TABLE] The execution and performance of this Agreement, the Guarantee and each Financial Document to which the Guarantor is a party and the transactions thereunder by the Guarantor do not contradict:

[TABLE] (i) | any applicable laws;

[TABLE] (ii) | its constituent and other internal regulations;

[TABLE] (iii) | any resolutions of its management bodies; and

[TABLE] (iv) | any other documents or agreements that are binding on the Pledgor.

[TABLE] (e) | Compliance with Legislation

[TABLE] (i) | The Guarantor’s business shall comply with the applicable laws in all aspects that the Credit Agent considers significant. The Guarantor shall timely submit tax returns and pay taxes in such terms and in such amounts as provided for by any applicable laws in all aspects that the Credit Agent considers significant.

[TABLE] (f) | Absence of Default

[TABLE] (i) | The execution or performance of this Agreement, the Guarantee and each Financial Document to which the Guarantor is a party and the transactions thereunder does not and will not result in any Default; and

[TABLE] (ii) | There are no other events or circumstances constituting a default under any document that is binding on the Guarantor or sets limits on the disposal of its property, and which have or are reasonably likely to have the Material Negative Impact.

[TABLE] (g) | Permits

[TABLE] (i) | As of the date of this Agreement, the Guarantor has obtained and maintains all the permits and consents required in connection with the conclusion, performance, maintenance, enforceability of this Agreement, the Guarantee, each Financial Document, to which the Guarantor is a party, and the transactions thereunder and introduction of the above-mentioned documents and transactions as evidence in trials.

[TABLE] (h) | Registration Requirements

[TABLE] It is not required to perform any notarial acts or to register this Agreement or the Guarantee, inter alia, with any government authorities or institutions of the Russian Federation, or to pay respective duties in connection with this Agreement and the Guarantee.

[TABLE] (i) | Financial Statements

[TABLE] (i) | The most recent financial statements of the Group (and each member of the Group) provided under the Loan Agreement:

[TABLE] (A) | are prepared in accordance with the Applicable Accounting Standards; and

[TABLE] (B) | in all material respects, reliably reflect its financial position (if applicable, on a consolidated basis) as of the date of the preparation thereof, except, in each case, where otherwise indicated in such financial statements.

[TABLE] (ii) | There have been no events that could have the Material Negative Impact since the date on which the financial statements referred to in Clause (a) above are prepared.

[TABLE] (j) | Judicial Proceedings

[TABLE] No judicial, arbitration or administrative proceedings against the Guarantor are initiated or, to the best of the knowledge of the Guarantor, are expected to be initiated; and there are taken no investigative actions as a result of which any adverse resolutions that can have the Material Negative Impact are made or are highly likely to be made.

[TABLE] (k) | Information

[TABLE] (i) | All such actual information having, in the opinion of the Credit Agent, the essential value as submitted by the Guarantor to the Parties to the Financing in connection with the Financial Documents to which the Guarantor is a party is true and accurate as of the submission date or (as the case may be) on a date (if any) which is indicated as the submission date.

[TABLE] (ii) | The Guarantor did not conceal any information which, if disclosed, would lead to the fact that any other information specified in Sub-Clause (i) above would become unreliable or misleading to a material extent in the opinion of the Credit Agent.

[TABLE] (iii) | As of the date of this Agreement and the first Disbursement Date from the date of provision of the information specified in Clause (i) above, there were no circumstances that, if disclosed, would lead to the fact that the provided information would become unreliable or misleading to a material extent in the opinion of the Credit Agent.

[TABLE] (l) | Loans Granted

[TABLE] The Guarantor did not provide any loans to third parties that are not the Debtors, except for the Permitted Loans.

[TABLE] (m) | Levies and Duties

[TABLE] No state or registration duties or taxes or levies in connection with this Agreement and the Guarantee must be paid as of the date of this Agreement.

[TABLE] (n) | Regulated Procurement

[TABLE] No provisions of the Law on Regulated Procurement are applied to the execution and performance of this Agreement, the Guarantee and the Financial Documents to which the Guarantor is a party, by the Guarantor as of the date of this Agreement. The Guarantor does not give this representation concerning application of the Law on Regulated Procurement to any Party to the Financing.

[TABLE] 3.2. | Term of Provision of Representations of Guarantor’s Circumstances

[TABLE] (a) | The Guarantor shall submit the representations of circumstances specified in this Article 3 as of the date of this Agreement.

[TABLE] (b) | Except where any Representations of Circumstances shall be submitted on a certain date, all Representations of Circumstances are considered to be submitted by the Guarantor subsequently on the date of each Disbursement Request, on each Disbursement Date and on the first day of each Interest Period.

[TABLE] (c) | If any Representations of Circumstances are provided again, they are extended to the circumstances existing at the time of their subsequent submission.

[TABLE] 4. | OBLIGATIONS AND LIABILITY OF THE GUARANTOR

[TABLE] 4.1. | Obligations of the Guarantor

[TABLE] (a) | Financial Statements

[TABLE] The Guarantor shall ensure that the Borrower provides the Credit Agent with a number of certified copies of the following documents that is sufficient for all Lenders:

[TABLE] (i) | consolidated financial statements of the Group for each fiscal year approved by the Auditors and prepared in accordance with IFRS as soon as they become available, but in any case, within 180 (one hundred and eighty) days from the end date of such fiscal year;

[TABLE] (ii) | consolidated financial statements of the Group for each fiscal half a year reviewed by the Auditors and prepared in accordance with IFRS as soon as they become available, but in any case, within 120 (one hundred and twenty) days from the end date of such fiscal half a year;

[TABLE] (iii) | the Group’s management statements for each quarter of the relevant fiscal year (including a profit and loss statement, a balance sheet and a cash flow statement) prepared in accordance with IFRS as soon as they become available, but in any case, within 60 (sixty) days from the end of such quarter of the relevant fiscal year; and

[TABLE] (iv) | the financial statements (including a profit and loss statement, a balance sheet and a cash flow statement) of the Borrower and Headhunter for each quarter of the relevant fiscal year prepared under RAS as soon as they become available, but in any case, within 40 (forty) days from the end date of such quarter of the relevant fiscal year.

[TABLE] (b) | Requirements to the Financial Statements

[TABLE] The Guarantor shall ensure that each set of financial statements provided in accordance with Article 17.1 (Financial Statements) of the Loan Agreement is prepared using the same accounting principles and for the same accounting periods that applied in preparation of the last reported Group financial statements (except for a possible change in accounting for capitalization of internal development). If any Debtor notifies the Credit Agent of any changes in accounting principles or reporting periods, the Guarantor agrees to ensure that its Auditors and auditors of the relevant Debtor provide the Credit Agent with:

[TABLE] (i) | a description of the changes to be made in the relevant financial statements in order to reflect changes in accounting principles and reporting periods that applied in preparation of the Original Financial Statements of the Group or the Debtor; and

[TABLE] (ii) | information in a form and content that meet the requirements of the Credit Agent and are sufficient to ensure that the Lenders can verify that the Borrower complies with the requirements of Article 18 (Financial Indicator Compliance Obligation) of the Loan Agreement and can adequately assess the Debtor’s financial position in accordance with the current financial statements compared to the Original Financial Statements of such Debtor.

[TABLE] (c) | Information: Other

[TABLE] (i) | The Guarantor shall provide the Credit Agent with:

[TABLE] (A) | simultaneously with sending to addressees, copies of all documents sent to all Guarantor’s lenders, or in case of any circumstances that have the Material Negative Impact, copies of all documents sent to all Guarantor’s members;

[TABLE] (B) | immediately after it becomes aware of the following facts, but within 5 Business Days from the date on which it becomes aware of such facts, details of any judicial, commercial, arbitration or administrative proceedings, including any investigative actions which result in or are highly likely to result in making any decisions, as a result of which the Group’s expenses will exceed 2.5 (two point five) percent of the Consolidated EBITDA; and

[TABLE] (C) | immediately upon its request, but within 5 (five) days from the date of the request, such additional information on the financial position and economic activities of any member of the Group that the Credit Agent may require in the interests of any Party to the Financing.

[TABLE] (ii) | The Guarantor shall notify the Credit Agent in writing of any of the following events immediately after the Guarantor becomes aware of them:

[TABLE] (A) | filing of a bankruptcy petition against the Pledgor to an arbitration court, and (or)

[TABLE] (B) | publication of a notice of the intention to apply with such petition in the manner prescribed by law; and (or)

[TABLE] (C) | impending filing of a bankruptcy petition on the basis of a received notice from a person intending to apply.

[TABLE] (d) | Auditors

[TABLE] The Guarantor shall not change its Auditors without the consent of the Majority of the Lenders, except for the Auditors for the financial statements of the Group and of its members prepared in accordance with IFRS, approved or authorized pursuant to this Agreement.

[TABLE] (e) | Notice of Default

[TABLE] (i) | The Guarantor shall notify the Credit Agent of any Default (and measures, if any, to eliminate such Default) immediately after it becomes aware of this fact if the Borrower has not notified the Credit Agent of such Default.

[TABLE] (ii) | At the request of the Credit Agent, the Guarantor agrees to submit to the Credit Agent an application signed by the sole executive body or an authorized representative of the Guarantor certifying that the Default has been eliminated or, if the Default continues, explaining the measures taken to eliminate it.

[TABLE] (f) | Client Data Verification

[TABLE] The Guarantor shall provide and undertakes to ensure that each of its Subsidiaries provides the Credit Agent with information and documents for the purposes of Article 17.8 (Client Data Verification) of the Loan Agreement.

[TABLE] (g) | Permissions and Corporate Approvals

[TABLE] (i) | The Guarantor shall timely receive, maintain and comply with and undertakes to ensure that each of its Subsidiaries timely receives, maintains and complies with the terms and conditions of any permits, consents and corporate approvals required by any applicable law in order to fulfill its obligations under the Financial Documents to which it is a party and to enable the use of the Financial Documents as evidence in arbitration proceedings and in courts of relevant jurisdictions, including arbitration courts.

[TABLE] (ii) | Except for obtaining of a license to work with personal data in the Republic of Azerbaijan, the Guarantor shall timely receive, maintain and comply with and undertakes to ensure that each of its Subsidiaries timely receives, maintains and complies with any permits, consents required under any applicable laws to conduct business activities of any member of the Group in the manner in which such business is carried out.

[TABLE] (h) | Prohibition Against Encumbrance of Assets

[TABLE] The Guarantor shall not create or allow and undertakes to ensure that each of the Subsidiaries of the Guarantor does not create or allow any Encumbrance on its assets without the prior written consent of the Credit Agent, except for:

[TABLE] (i) | Encumbrance of assets (except for those specified in Clause (d) below, without double counting) whose aggregate book value at any time does not exceed 5 (five) percent of the Consolidated EBITDA;

[TABLE] (ii) | Encumbrance arising under the Security Agreements;

[TABLE] (iii) | any Encumbrance arising by virtue of law in the ordinary course of business; and

[TABLE] (iv) | any Encumbrance in the form of the right to debit funds from an account with a prior acceptance by the payer or a similar debiting right if this results in debiting of such funds in an amount of not more than 5 (five) percent of the Consolidated EBITDA.

[TABLE] (i) | Asset Disposal

[TABLE] The Borrower shall not sell, lease or otherwise dispose of any of its assets or property without the prior written consent of the Credit Agent and undertakes to ensure that any Subsidiary of the Borrower does not sell, lease or otherwise dispose of any of its assets or property without the prior written consent of the Credit Agent, except for:

[TABLE] (i) | disposal of assets or property in the ordinary course of business;

[TABLE] (ii) | disposal of assets or property as part of the Permitted Reorganization;

[TABLE] (iii) | disposal of assets or property as part of restructuring due to the right of ownership to HEADHUNTER.KZ LLP;

[TABLE] (iv) | disposal of assets or property of the members of the Group in such aggregate book or market value (whichever is greater) obtained as a result of one or more transactions made during each consecutive 12 (twelve) months, as does not exceed 5 (five) percent of the Consolidated EBITDA;

[TABLE] (v) | disposal of shares of CV Keskus OU (a company registered at: Mustamae tee 46, Tallinna linn, Harju maakond 10621, registration number: 11325768) provided that the After-disposal Debt Ratio does not exceed the Debt Ratio as of the last Settlement Date. In order to comply with the After-Disposal Debt Ratio, the Guarantor (or another member of the Group) may, prior to payment of funds (obtained from CV Keskus OU shares sale) to another member of the Group or shareholders of Zemenik Trading, allocate a part of such funds (obtained from disposal of shares of CV Keskus OU) to a partial repayment of the Outstanding Loan under Article 8.3 (Voluntary Early Repayment of the Outstanding Loan) of the Loan Agreement. The Borrower shall, within 5 (five) Business Days prior to the disposal of the shares of CV Keskus OU to the Credit Agent, submit the Credit Agent a certificate proving the Borrower’s fulfillment of the terms and conditions provided for in Clause (e) Article 19.3 (Asset Disposal) of the Loan Agreement. The Borrower or another member of the Group may pay funds obtained from disposal of shares of CV Keskus OU, to the shareholders of Zemenik Trading according to the disposal results only once.

[TABLE] (vi) | disposal of shares or participatory interest in the authorized capital of a member of the Group that is not the Debtor, except for CV Keskus OU, provided that after such disposal:

[TABLE] (A) | The Debt Indicator (as defined below) does not exceed 2.0:1; and

[TABLE] (B) | after payment of the Allocated Amount, the Debt Indicator does not increase in comparison with the Debt Ratio as of the last Settlement Date.

[TABLE] The disposal under this Clause (vi) must be carried out at arm’s length and subject to the terms and conditions provided for in Clause (f) Article 19.3 (Asset Disposal) of the Loan Agreement.

[TABLE] A member of the Group alienating the Alienated Group Member may, without the consent of the Credit Agent, pay the Allocated Amount in an amount that does not entail a violation of the financial indicator provided for in Sub-Clauses (A) and (B) of this Clause (vi). The Allocated Amount may be paid according to the results of the sale of the Alienated Group Member only once. A seller of the Alienated Group Member may use any funds remaining after payment of the Allocated Amount in consultation with the Credit Agent.

[TABLE] (vii) | For the purposes of Clauses (v) and (vi) above, the following definitions have the following meaning:

[TABLE] “Group Cash” means the Cash and Cash Equivalent belonging to the Group.

[TABLE] “Cash of the Alienated Group Member” means the Cash and Cash Equivalent belonging to the Alienated Group Member.

[TABLE] “Alienated Group Member” means a Group member which is not the Debtor (except for CV Keskus OU) whose shares or participatory interest in the authorized capital are to be disposed of.

[TABLE] “Debt Indicator” means the ratio of the Net Debt to the EBITDA.

[TABLE] “After-Disposal Debt Ratio” means an indicator calculated in case of disposal of shares or participatory interest in the authorized capital of a member of the Group (hereinafter referred to as the “Alienated Group Member”) by the following formula:

[TABLE] After-Disposal Debt Ratio = (A - B - C)/p - E),

[TABLE] where:

[TABLE] A means the Consolidated Net Debt as of the last Settlement Date;

[TABLE] B means an amount of the part of the Outstanding Loan repaid by the Borrower in advance at the expense of funds obtained from the disposal of shares or participatory interest in the authorized capital of the Alienated Group Member;

[TABLE] C means the Loan repaid by the Borrower within a period commencing on the expiry date of the last Settlement Period and ending on the day of submission of the certificate containing the calculation of a relevant After-Disposal Debt Ratio;

[TABLE] D means such Consolidated EBITDA for the most recent Settlement Date as determined in accordance with such Group’s latest financial statements for the relevant Settlement Period as prepared in accordance with IFRS and provided to the     Credit Agent under Clause (a) or (b) of Article 17.1 (Financial Statements) of the Loan Agreement (or which was to be provided to the Credit Agent under the reporting terms provided for in Clause (a) or (b) of Article 17.1 (Financial Reporting) of the Loan Agreement); and

[TABLE] E means the EBITDA of the Alienated Group Member calculated on the basis of the management statements of the company of the Alienated Group Member as of the last Settlement Date using a calculation procedure similar to the calculation method of the Consolidated EBITDA.

[TABLE] “Purchase Price” means cash that is actually received as a result of sale of the Alienated Group Member.

[TABLE] “Allocated Amount” means a cash amount to be paid to the shareholders of Zemenik Trading as a result of disposal of the Alienated Group Member.

[TABLE] “Cash Amount” means an amount calculated as the difference between the Group Cash, the Cash of the Alienated Group Member and the Allocated Amount, plus the Purchase Price.

[TABLE] “Net Debt” means the difference between the Group’s Financial Indebtedness (taking into account the Group’s Financial Indebtedness to the Alienated Group Member recognized effectively after the disposal of the Alienated Group Member) and an amount of the Financial Indebtedness of the Alienated Group Member (excluding the Financial Indebtedness of the Alienated Group Member to other members of the Group) and the Cash Amount.

[TABLE] “EBITDA” means the difference between the Consolidated EBITDA and the EBITDA of the Alienated Group Member.

[TABLE] (j) | Acquisition of Assets

[TABLE] The Guarantor shall not purchase any assets without the prior written consent of the Credit Agent and undertakes to ensure that no Subsidiary purchases any assets without the prior written consent of the Credit Agent, except for the acquisition of assets:

[TABLE] (i) | in the ordinary course of business;

[TABLE] (ii) | as part of the Permitted Reorganization;

[TABLE] (iii) | as part of restructuring due to the right of ownership to HEADHUNTER.KZ LLP;

[TABLE] (iv) | by a member of the Group in such total amount paid by the member of the Group due to one or more transactions made during each consecutive 12 (twelve) months, as does not exceed 7.5 (seven point five) percent of the Consolidated EBITDA; or

[TABLE] (v) | purchased through the Permitted Financial Indebtedness.

[TABLE] (k) | Arm’s Length Transactions

[TABLE] (i) | The Guarantor may conclude deals with any persons only at arm’s length and undertakes to ensure that any of its Subsidiaries concludes deals with any person only at arm’s length.

[TABLE] (ii) | Clause (a) does not cover any transactions with the Debtors.

[TABLE] (l) | Lending

[TABLE] Except for the Permitted Loans, the Guarantor is not entitled to act as a lender in respect of any Financial Indebtedness without the prior written consent of the Credit Agent and undertakes to ensure that any of its Subsidiaries does not act as a lender in respect of any Financial Indebtedness without the prior written consent of the Credit Agent.

[TABLE] (m) | Provision of Guarantees and Suretyships

[TABLE] (i) | The Guarantor is not entitled to act as a guarantor or surety for the obligations of any person without the prior written consent of the Credit Agent and undertakes to ensure that any of its Subsidiaries does not act as a guarantor or surety for the obligations of any person without the prior written consent of the Credit Agent; and

[TABLE] (ii) | The provisions of Clause (i) above do not apply when such guarantee or suretyship secures the performance of the obligations of another member of the Group:

[TABLE] (A) | created through the Permitted Financial Indebtedness; or

[TABLE] (B) | claims under such guarantee or suretyship are subordinated to the obligations of the Guarantor under the Financial Documents pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement, in any case without double counting.

[TABLE] (n) | Financial Indebtedness

[TABLE] The Guarantor shall not enter into any transactions which will result in the Financial Indebtedness for the Guarantor and shall not allow the existence of an overdue Financial Indebtedness, and undertakes to ensure that any of its Subsidiaries does not enter into any transaction which will result in the Financial Indebtedness for the Borrower’s Subsidiary and shall not allow the existence of an overdue Financial Indebtedness without the prior written consent of the Credit Agent, except for the Permitted Financial Indebtedness.

[TABLE] (o) | Fulfillment of Subsequent Conditions

[TABLE] The Guarantor shall comply with and undertakes to ensure that any of its Subsidiaries complies with the terms and conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, all related subsequent conditions specified in Part 2 of Appendix 2 (Requirements to the Borrower for Obtaining a Loan under Tranche A and Tranche B) to the Loan Agreement.

[TABLE] (p) | Net Assets

[TABLE] The Guarantor shall ensure that such amount of the net assets of the Borrower and Headhunter as determined under the financial statements provided pursuant to Clause 17.1 (d) of the Loan Agreement is positive at the end of each fiscal half a year during the validity term of this Agreement.

[TABLE] (q) | Change of Business Activity

[TABLE] The Guarantor shall not make any significant changes in the main areas of its economic activities and undertakes to ensure that each of its Subsidiaries does not make any significant changes in the main areas of its economic activities without the prior written consent of the Credit Agent. For the avoidance of doubt, this Clause (q) does not apply to the reduction or termination of the economic activities of Headhunter as a result of the Permitted Reorganization.

[TABLE] (r) | Existing Business Contracts

[TABLE] The Guarantor shall maintain the Existing Business Contracts up to the Final Redemption Date or, if it is commercially justified, conclude new contracts on similar terms at least one month before the expiration of the Existing Business Contracts.

[TABLE] (s) | Taxation

[TABLE] The Guarantor shall pay taxes and levies in a timely manner under the laws of the Russian Federation (hereinafter referred to as the “Mandatory Payments”) and shall ensure that each of its Subsidiaries timely pays the Mandatory Payments in accordance with the applicable law, with the exception of:

[TABLE] (i) | the Mandatory Payments which are contested by the Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries in the manner prescribed by law; and

[TABLE] (ii) | the Mandatory Payments and costs for their contestation, for which there were created reserves recognized in the most recent financial statements submitted to the Credit Agent pursuant to Article 17.1 (Financial Statements) of the Loan Agreement; and

[TABLE] (iii) | a case where failure to pay such Mandatory Payments will not have the Material Negative Impact.

[TABLE] (t) | Equal Status of Obligations

[TABLE] The Guarantor shall ensure that its obligations hereunder (when they are to be fulfilled) shall be deemed to be of the same class as its other existing and future unsecured payment obligations and that any of its Subsidiaries shall ensure that the Guarantor’s obligations hereunder (when they are to be fulfilled) shall be deemed to be of the same class as other existing and future unsecured payment obligations of such Subsidiary, except for any obligations, whose primary satisfaction is directly provided for by law.

[TABLE] (u) | Group Structure Scheme

[TABLE] The Guarantor shall ensure maintaining the existing structure of the Group in accordance with the Group Structure Scheme. This obligation does not apply to any actions permitted or provided for under the Financial Documents.

[TABLE] (v) | Access

[TABLE] When the Default occurs and remains uneliminated or when there are sufficient grounds for the Credit Agent to believe that the Default may occur, the Guarantor shall, at the request of the Credit Agent, provide (and ensure that each of its Subsidiaries provides) the Credit Agent and/or its auditors or other professional advisers free access to its premises, assets and primary accounting and tax accounting documents (on paper or electronic media), including issue of powers of attorney for the persons concerned, as well as organize a meeting with the Group management.

[TABLE] (w) | Additional General Obligations

[TABLE] The Guarantor shall, at the request of any Party to the Financing, at its own expense, take any actions and sign any documents and ensure that any of its Subsidiaries, at such Subsidiary’s own expense, takes any action and signs any documents necessary to ensure the validity and proper performance of the Financial Documents. In particular, the Guarantor shall, at its own expense, at the request of the Credit Agent, ensure:

[TABLE] (i) | taking all actions necessary to ensure the validity of the Borrower’s Pledge Agreement and the Headhunter’s Pledge Agreement if any Lender other than the Original Lender acquires any rights (claims) to the Borrower and (or) obligations to grant the Loan pursuant to the provisions of Article 22.2 (Assignment of Rights and Transfer of Obligations by the Lenders) of the Loan Agreement;

[TABLE] (ii) | entering into supplementary agreements to the Borrower’s Pledge Agreement and the Headhunter’s Pledge Agreement (on such terms and conditions as acceptable to the Lenders).

[TABLE] 4.2. | Irrevocability of the Security

[TABLE] (a) | are an irrevocable security according to the provisions of Article 5.1 (Validity Term);

[TABLE] (b) | supplement any other security and are unimpaired by any other security that is now or hereafter provided to the Lenders for all or any of the Secured Obligations;

[TABLE] (c) | are not affected by any reorganization of the Guarantor and (or) the Borrower, including, but not limited to, any changes in the legal form of the Guarantor and/or the Borrower;

[TABLE] (d) | continue to be valid during any liquidation or insolvency (bankruptcy) procedure initiated against the Guarantor and (or) the Borrower, or during any reorganization of the Guarantor and (or) the Borrower to the extent permitted by the applicable law; and

[TABLE] (e) | continue to be valid until terminated hereunder.

[TABLE] 4.3. | Material Change in Circumstances

[TABLE] 4.4. | Waiver of Defense against Claims of the Lenders

[TABLE] (a) | Any dispute between the Guarantor, the Borrower and (or) any other Debtor, as well as between the Guarantor, the Borrower and (or) any other Debtor, on the one hand, and the Lenders, on the other hand, does not relieve the Guarantor from fulfilling the obligations under this Agreement and under the Guarantee.

[TABLE] (b) | The Guarantor is not entitled:

[TABLE] (i) | to file any such counterclaims or objections against any claims of the Lenders which the Borrower or another Debtor could submit; and

[TABLE] (ii) | to fail to fulfill any obligations under this Agreement and the Guarantee or postpone their fulfillment, referring to the existence of any dispute between the Borrower or another Debtor, on the one hand, and the Lenders, on the other hand.

[TABLE] 4.5. | Change in the Secured Obligations

[TABLE] 4.6. | Amendments

[TABLE] (a) | The Guarantor may not revoke or amend the Guarantee.

[TABLE] (b) | Any term or condition of this Agreement and the Guarantee may be amended by a written agreement signed by the Parties.

[TABLE] (c) | In case of any amendment to the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement, the Guarantor and the Borrower shall, at the request of the Credit Agent, enter into an agreement with the Lender within a period agreed by the Parties to make relevant amendments to this Agreement and the Guarantee if, according to the current legislation (including the judicial practice then existing) such amendments are necessary for the Guarantee to remain valid and to ensure the complete fulfillment of the Secured Obligations, taking into account amendments to the Loan Agreement.

[TABLE] 4.7. | Reimbursement to the Guarantor

[TABLE] (a) | The Guarantor hereby confirms that the Lender’s claims (filed directly by the Lender or through the Credit Agent) under the Loan Agreement shall take precedence over the Guarantor’s claims with respect to the Reimbursement for the Amounts Paid under the Guarantee.

[TABLE] (b) | The Guarantor hereby undertakes:

[TABLE] (i) | not to file any claims against the Borrower for the Reimbursement for the Amounts Paid under the Guarantee until the Secured Obligations are fully repaid;

[TABLE] (ii) | until the Secured Obligations are fully repaid, to refrain from assignment or any other transfer of its claims of the Reimbursement for the Amounts Paid under the Guarantee, and from encumbrance of such claims in favor of third parties (excluding the Credit Agent and (or) the Lenders in connection with the Loan Agreement), without the prior written consent of the Credit Agent acting under the provisions of the Loan Agreement; and

[TABLE] (iii) | without prejudice to the other provisions of this Agreement, if the Guarantor receives the Reimbursement for the Amounts Paid under the Guarantee in violation of the terms or conditions of this Agreement, to immediately transfer the amount received by the Guarantor as a result of the Reimbursement for the Amounts Paid under the Guarantee to the Credit Agent’s Account.

[TABLE] (c) | In accordance with the provisions of Article 309.1 paragraph 2 of the Civil Code, after the Guarantor’s transfer of an amount received by the Guarantor as a result of the Reimbursement for the Amounts Paid under the Guarantee to the Credit Agent’s Account, the Lenders’ claim to the Borrower in the relevant part passes to the Guarantor. The Guarantor that has transferred such amount to the Credit Agent’s Account may file such claim to the Borrower only after the Secured Obligations are fully repaid.

[TABLE] (d) | Until the Secured Obligations are fully repaid, the Borrower undertakes to refrain from the Reimbursement for the Amounts Paid under the Guarantee, without the prior written consent of the Credit Agent acting pursuant to a resolution of the Qualified Majority of the Lenders.

[TABLE] 5. | VALIDITY TERM

[TABLE] 5.1. | Validity Term

[TABLE] 5.2. | Continuing Obligations

[TABLE] 6. | PAYMENT CLAIM, PAYMENTS, TAXES AND CURRENCY

[TABLE] 6.1. | Payment Claim

[TABLE] 6.2. | Accounts for Receipt of Payments

[TABLE] (a) | The obligations of the Guarantor set forth in Article 6.1 (Payment Claim) are fulfilled by payment of an amount specified in the Payment Claim to the account of the Original Lender (or after assignment of rights (claims) under this Agreement and the Guarantee in accordance with Article 9.2 (Transfer of Rights by the Lenders), to the account of the Credit Agent acting on behalf of the Lenders).

[TABLE] (b) | Any amounts received by the Credit Agent are to be allocated among the Lenders by the Credit Agent in accordance with the Proportional Share of each Lender in the manner provided for in the Loan Agreement. The provisions of this Clause shall come into force from the assignment of the rights (claims) under this Agreement and the Guarantee by the Original Lender in accordance with Article 9.2 (Transfer of Rights by the Lenders).

[TABLE] 6.3. | Payments

[TABLE] 6.4. | Performance of the Guarantor’s Obligations

[TABLE] 6.5. | Withholding and Deduction

[TABLE] (a) | ensure that such deductions or withholdings do not exceed an amount provided for by law;

[TABLE] (b) | promptly pay the Original Lender (or, after assignment of rights (claims) under this Agreement and the Guarantee in accordance with Article 9.2 (Transfer of Rights by the Lenders), to the Credit Agent for allocation among the Lenders) an additional amount so that the total amount received by the Lenders is equal to the amount that would have been received by the Lenders if such deductions or withholdings were not made.

[TABLE] 6.6. | Receipt of Payments in Other Currencies

[TABLE] 6.7. | Prohibition of Set-Off or Counterclaim

[TABLE] 6.8. | Maturity Date

[TABLE] 6.9. | Value-Added Tax

[TABLE] 6.10. | Use of Received Funds

[TABLE] 7. | NOTICES

[TABLE] 7.1. | Written Form

[TABLE] 7.2. | Addresses

[TABLE] (a) | Unless otherwise provided for below, the contact details of each Party for all messages in connection with this Loan Agreement and the Guarantee are data which such Party reported to the Credit Agent for this purpose.

[TABLE] (b) | Contact details of the Guarantor:

[TABLE] HEADHUNTER LIMITED  LIABILITY COMPANY | HEADHUNTER LIMITED  LIABILITY COMPANY | HEADHUNTER LIMITED  LIABILITY COMPANY

[TABLE] Address: | 9, Godovikova St., bld. 10, Moscow, the Russian Federation

[TABLE] Fax: | +7 495 788-68-70

[TABLE] E-mail: | zhukov@hh.ru

[TABLE] Attn: | Mikhail Alexandrovich Zhukov

[TABLE] (c) | Contact details of the Borrower:

[TABLE] Zemenik Limited Liability Company | Zemenik Limited Liability Company | Zemenik Limited Liability Company

[TABLE] Address: | 4 Akademika Ilyushina St., bld. 1, office 54, Moscow, the Russian Federation, 125319

[TABLE] Fax: | +7 495 974-64-27

[TABLE] E-mail: | karen.agayan@arpartners.ru

[TABLE] Attn: | Karen Eduardovich Agayan

[TABLE] (d) | Contact details of the Original Lender:

[TABLE] BANK VTB (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY) | BANK VTB (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY) | BANK VTB (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY)

[TABLE] Location: | 29, Bolshaya Morskaya St., Saint Petersburg, the Russian Federation, 190000

[TABLE] Mail address: | 43 Vorontsovskaya St., bld. 1, Moscow, 109147

[TABLE] Telex: | 412362 BFTR RU

[TABLE] Telephone: | +7 495 956-71-48

[TABLE] Fax: | +7 495 775-54-54

[TABLE] E-mail: | loanadmin@msk.vtb.ru, TM21@msk.vtb.ru

[TABLE] Attn: | Credit Authority

[TABLE] (e) | Any Party may change its contact details sending the Credit Agent an appropriate notice at least 5 (five) Business Days prior to such change. The Credit Agent shall notify all other Parties of any change in contact details.

[TABLE] (f) | If a Party specifies a particular division or official as a recipient of a message, such message shall not be considered to be sent if such division or official is not designated as the recipient.

[TABLE] 7.3. | Notice Delivery

[TABLE] (a) | Any message or document sent by a Party to another Party in connection with this Agreement and the Guarantee shall be deemed to have been received (except for a notice sent in accordance with the laws of the Russian Federation in case of filing of any claims under the Guarantee and any other cases expressly provided for by the Agreement and the Guarantee):

[TABLE] (i) | after receiving a message in a legible form when sent by fax or by another method which allows to establish reliably that the message is from a Party hereto; or upon delivery to the appropriate address when sent by courier; or

[TABLE] (ii) | upon delivery to the appropriate address or after 5 (five) Business Days after submitting to the post office when sent by mail with return receipt, whichever occurs first.

[TABLE] (b) | All notices sent by the Guarantor or to the Guarantor’s address shall be transmitted through the Credit Agent.

[TABLE] 7.4. | Language

[TABLE] 8. | MISCELLANEOUS

[TABLE] 8.1. | Partial Invalidity

[TABLE] 8.2. | Wording

[TABLE] 9. | CLAIM ASSIGNMENT AND DEBT TRANSFER

[TABLE] 9.1. | Claim Assignment and Debt Transfer

[TABLE] 9.2. | Transfer of Rights by the Lenders

[TABLE] (a) | The Lender may, without the consent of the Guarantor and the Borrower, assign all or part of its rights (claims) under this Agreement and the Guarantee to any person to whom it has assigned its rights under the Loan Agreement, in accordance with the requirements established by Article 22.2 (Assignment of Rights and Transfer of Obligations by the Lenders) of the Loan Agreement.

[TABLE] (b) | If the Lender assigns its rights (claims) under Clause (a) above, the Lenders that have wholly or partially assigned the rights (claims) under this Agreement and the Guarantee become beneficiaries under this Agreement and the Guarantee issued hereunder.

[TABLE] (c) | If the Lender assigns its rights (claims) under Clause (a) above, the Guarantor shall, at its own expense, take any actions and sign any documents necessary for the purposes of exercising and protecting the rights of the Lenders as beneficiaries under the Guarantee provided for by this Agreement and the Guarantee issued hereunder. In particular, the Guarantor shall, at its own expense, at the request of the Credit Agent, ensure:

[TABLE] (i) | taking all actions necessary to ensure the validity of this Agreement and the Guarantee issued hereunder; and

[TABLE] (ii) | entering into a new Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement with the Lenders and issuing a new Independent Guarantee on the terms and conditions similar to those of this Agreement and the Guarantee issued hereunder.

[TABLE] 9.3. | Debt Transfer

[TABLE] 10. | APPLICABLE LAW

[TABLE] 11. | DISPUTE SETTLEMENT

[TABLE] (a) | If any dispute arises in connection with this Agreement, including, but not limited to, any dispute concerning its provisions, existence, validity or termination, such dispute shall be subject to pre-trial settlement by sending a respective claim by either Party to the other Party. If a Party does not receive an answer to the sent claim and if the dispute is not settled within 10 (ten) Business Days from the date of receipt of the claim by the other Party, such dispute may be referred to court under Sub-Clause (b) below.

[TABLE] (b) | According to the provisions of Sub-Clause (a) above, if any dispute arises in connection with this Agreement, including, but not limited to, any dispute concerning its provisions, existence, validity or termination, such dispute shall be settled by the Moscow Arbitration Court.

[TABLE] 12. | COUNTERPARTS

[TABLE] (a) | KPMG Joint-Stock Company, Deloitte CIS Holdings Limited, PricewaterhouseCoopers Consulting LLC, or Ernst & Young Global Limited for the financial statements of the Group and its members prepared under IFRS; and

[TABLE] (b) | any company listed in Clause (a) above, Moore Stephens LLC, FinExpertiza LLC, BDO CJSC, FBK LLC, and 2K - Business Consulting CJSC, and any other audit firm approved by the Majority of the Lenders for the financial statements of members of the Group prepared under any Applicable Accounting Standards other than IFRS.

[TABLE] (a) | the recommendations contained in the documents published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in December 2010: “Basel III: A Global Regulatory Framework for More Resilient Banks and Banking Systems”, “Basel III: International framework for liquidity risk measurement, standards and monitoring” and “Guidance for national authorities operating the countercyclical capital buffer”, as amended;

[TABLE] (b) | such recommendations for global systemically important banks as contained in a document published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in November 2011 “Global systemically important banks: Assessment methodology and the additional loss absorbency requirement. Consultative Document”, as amended; and

[TABLE] (c) | any other documents, explanations or standards published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision with respect of Basel III.

[TABLE] (a) | in a period up to the Settlement Date, the Lenders whose Loan Limits together amount to 75 (seventy-five) percent or more of the Aggregate Loan Limit;

[TABLE] (b) | if there is no Outstanding Loan and the Aggregate Loan Limit has been reduced to zero, the Lenders whose Loan Limits together amount to 75 (seventy-five) percent or more of the Aggregate Loan Limit immediately prior to the date of such reduction; or

[TABLE] (c) | in any other period of time, the Lenders whose participation in the Outstanding Loan, their Unused Loan Limit and the Amount to be provided together amount to 75 (seventy-five) percent or more of the total amount of the Outstanding Loan, the Aggregate Unused Loan Limit and the Amount to be granted by all Lenders.

[TABLE] (a) | the Borrower’s Pledge Agreement;

[TABLE] (b) | the Headhunter’s Pledge Agreement;

[TABLE] (c) | the Headhunter FSU’s Pledge Agreement;

[TABLE] (d) | the Zemenik Trading’s Pledge Agreement;

[TABLE] (e) | each Supplementary Pledge Agreement.

[TABLE] (a) | each Pledge Agreement;

[TABLE] (b) | each Independent Guarantee; and

[TABLE] (c) | each Supplementary Guarantee.

[TABLE] (a) | owns the majority of voting rights in such legal entity; or

[TABLE] (b) | has an equity participation and may appoint or dismiss the majority of members of the executive body of such legal entity; or

[TABLE] (c) | is entitled to exert a dominant influence on such legal entity by virtue of the provisions contained in the constituent documents of such legal entity or in a management agreement; or

[TABLE] (d) | is a member (shareholder) of such legal entity and independently or jointly (with other members) controls the majority of votes in this legal entity; or

[TABLE] (e) | controls such legal entity,

[TABLE] (a) | with respect to each Interest Period, a key rate established by the Central Bank of the Russian Federation and effective as of each day of the Interest Period; and

[TABLE] (b) | with respect to any other period, a key rate established by the Central Bank of the Russian Federation effective as of each day of such period

[TABLE] (a) | before deduction of any amounts related to financial expenses;

[TABLE] (b) | without taking into account any amounts related to the interest to be received by any member of the Group;

[TABLE] (c) | after deducting profits or adding losses of any member of the Group relating to non-controlling participatory interests;

[TABLE] (d) | without taking into account positive or negative unrealized exchange rate differences;

[TABLE] (e) | without taking into account gains or losses arising out of a revaluation of any asset or a decrease in the carrying amount of any asset when it is disposed of by any member of the Group;

[TABLE] (f) | without taking into account an expected return on the assets of a pension plan;

[TABLE] (g) | without taking into account any non-monetary gains or losses from the Incentive Plans Based on the Group’s Equity Instruments;

[TABLE] (h) | exclusively for the Settlement Periods ending on June 30, 2016, December 31, 2016, and June 30, 2017, without taking into account the Transaction Costs.

[TABLE] (a) | any amounts related to depreciation and impairment of fixed assets;

[TABLE] (b) | any amounts related to impairment of goodwill;

[TABLE] (c) | any amounts related to depreciation and impairment of other non-fixed assets;

[TABLE] (d) | for the purpose of determining the financial indicators specified in Clause (a) of Article 9.2 (Margin Adjustment), advertising costs incurred in 2016 in an amount of up to RUB 200,000,000.

[TABLE] (a) | any member of the Group or its adviser; or

[TABLE] (b) | another Party to the Financing or its adviser if the information has been received by such a Party to the Financing from any member of the Group or its adviser,

[TABLE] (i) | is or becomes available to an unrestricted circle of persons other than as a result of a violation of the terms and conditions of Article 28 (Confidentiality) by a Party to the Financing; or

[TABLE] (ii) | was known to a Party to the Financing prior to a date of disclosure to it or its adviser of such information or has been legally received by a Party to the Financing or its adviser after such date from a source, to the knowledge of such Party to the Financing, not associated with the Group, and that in any case, to the knowledge of such Party to the Financing, was not obtained due to breach of a confidentiality obligation.

[TABLE] (a) | any Original Lender; and (or)

[TABLE] (b) | any banks or other credit or other organizations (except for any person belonging to the Borrower’s Group) which acquire the rights of claim to the Borrower and (or) the obligation to grant the Loan under the provisions of Article 22.2 (Assignment of Rights and Transfer of Obligations by the Lenders) and the current laws.

[TABLE] (a) | with respect to the Original Lender, which the Original Lender shall grant the Borrower as a loan within Tranche A, Tranche B, Tranche C, and Tranche D under the terms and conditions of this Agreement and specified in the table in Appendix 1 (List of Original Lenders and Loan Limits); and

[TABLE] (b) | with respect to any other Lender, which such Lender shall grant the Borrower by virtue of an Original Lender’s transfer to it of the obligation to grant the Loan to the Borrower

[TABLE] (a) | 3.7 (three point seven) percent per annum for any Interest Period starting before the date of Amendment Agreement No. 3; or

[TABLE] (b) | 2.0 (two) percent per annum

[TABLE] (i) | for any Interest Period starting from the date of Amendment Agreement No. 3 or thereafter; or

[TABLE] (ii) | 2.5 (two point five) percent per annum in any cases specified in Article 9.2 (Margin Adjustment).

[TABLE] (a) | the Event of Default; or

[TABLE] (b) | an event or circumstance specified in Article 21 (Events of Default) which shall hereunder become the Event of Default if (1) any period established by this Agreement for elimination of any violation expires, (2) any notice is sent, or (3) a respective resolution under the Financial Documents is adopted.

[TABLE] (a) | a cash amount already provided to the Borrower by this Lender, and

[TABLE] (b) | the Amount to be Granted by this Lender.

[TABLE] (a) | the audited financial statements of Zemenik Trading for the year 2015;

[TABLE] (b) | the annual statements of Headhunter for the year 2015 prepared under RAS; and

[TABLE] (c) | the management statements of HeadHunter FSU as of December 31, 2015, prepared under the accounting policy of the Group for management accounting.

[TABLE] (a) | consideration by provision of the Group’s Equity Instruments; or

[TABLE] (b) | consideration by cash payments or provision of other assets, provided that an amount of this consideration is determined on the basis of and (or) depends on the value of the Group’s Equity Instruments.

[TABLE] (a) | as of the end of a fiscal year or a fiscal half a year, in accordance with such Group’s financial statements for the relevant fiscal year or fiscal half a year (respectively) as prepared in accordance with IFRS and provided to the Credit Agent under Clause (a) or (b) of Article 17.1 (Financial Statements); or

[TABLE] (b) | as of the end of the first or third financial quarter, based on such respective management statements of the Group as provided to the Credit Agent under Clause (c) of Article 17.1 (Financial Statements).

[TABLE] (a) | a Russian legal entity, or

[TABLE] (b) | a resident of the Contracting State to the Double Taxation Agreement, provided that the status of such Lender shall, at the request of the Debtor, be proved by a copy of a document issued by a competent tax authority of the Contracting State to the Double Taxation Agreement and certifying that the Lender is a taxable resident of this Contracting State to the Double Taxation Agreement; such copy shall be translated into Russian.

[TABLE] (a) | for the purposes of determination of the extent of the Lender’s participation in granting of the Loan against any Disbursement Request, the ratio between the Unused Loan Limit of such Lender and the Aggregate Unused Loan Limit.

[TABLE] (b) | for any other purposes:

[TABLE] (i) | in the absence of the Outstanding Loan, the ratio between the Loan Limit of a separate Lender and the Aggregate Loan Limit, or

[TABLE] (ii) | in case of the Outstanding Loan, the ratio between the Outstanding Loan granted to the Borrower by a separate Lender, together with the Amount to be Granted by this Lender, and the Outstanding Loan granted to the Borrower by all Lenders, together with the Amount to be Granted by all Lenders.

[TABLE] (a) | such actions result in no risk of termination or contestation of the Security Agreements;

[TABLE] (b) | transfer of title to such participatory interests and shares, respectively, takes place taking into account the existing pledge in favor of the Lenders;

[TABLE] (c) | all agreements and other documents necessary for transfer of title to such participatory interests in Headhunter from Headhunter FSU to the Borrower are agreed with the Credit Agent in advance;

[TABLE] (d) | the composition of the Borrower’s members does not change; and

[TABLE] (e) | any documents and information related to these actions are provided within 5 (five) Business Days after the receipt of a reasonable request of the Credit Agent.

[TABLE] (a) | arising under the terms and conditions of the Financial Documents or authorized by the Financial Documents;

[TABLE] (b) | of a member of the Group that exists on the date of this Agreement, as specified in Appendix 7 (Existing Financial Indebtedness);

[TABLE] (c) | of members of the Group, for which the procedure and priority of claims are regulated by the Intercreditor Agreement;

[TABLE] (d) | of Zemenik Trading to its shareholders, for which the procedure and priority of claims are regulated by the Intercreditor Agreement;

[TABLE] (e) | of Zemenik Trading within the loans from Highworld and ELQ Investors granted on April 27, 2016, in an amount not exceeding in aggregate RUB 4,000,000,000 (four billion Rubles) for the purposes of payment of a purchase price by Zemenik Trading to the Seller for 100 (one hundred) percent of shares in the authorized capital of Headhunter FSU under Sale and Purchase Agreement 1;

[TABLE] (f) | of the Borrower to any Guarantor;

[TABLE] (g) | of the Guarantor to another Guarantor or the Borrower; and

[TABLE] (h) | of Group’s members to third parties for loans and borrowings in a total amount not exceeding 10 (ten) percent of the Consolidated EBITDA.

[TABLE] (a) | any payments made by a member of the Group to the Borrower or the Guarantor;

[TABLE] (b) | any payments made by any Debtor to another Debtor;

[TABLE] (c) | payment of an allocated profit by any member of the Group to Zemenik Trading’s shareholders (inter alia, as the Permitted Redemption), subject to the requirements of Article 19.12 (Payment of Dividends and Redemption of Shares / Participatory Interests);

[TABLE] (d) | payment to another member of the Group or Zemenik Trading’s shareholders, of funds received by any member of the Group from sale of shares / participatory interests in another member of the Group that is not the Debtor, provided that after such payment the Debt Ratio does not change (subject to the provisions of Clause (e) of Article 19.3 (Asset Disposal));

[TABLE] (e) | payment of funds by a member of the Group to another member of the Group in an amount not exceeding RUB 300,000,000 within three months from the Disbursement Date of Tranche A, as well as a subsequent payment of such funds by Zemenik Trading to Zemenik Trading’s shareholders;

[TABLE] (f) | making payments by Zemenik Trading to the Seller under Sale and Purchase Agreement 1 in an amount not exceeding RUB 5,000,000,000 (five billion Rubles) within three months from the date hereof; and

[TABLE] (g) | making the following payments by Zemenik Trading within 5 (five) Business Days after the Disbursement Date of Tranche A:

[TABLE] (i) | payment to Highworld for repayment of the Highworld’s Dollar Loan;

[TABLE] (ii) | payment to Highworld for repayment of the Highworld’s loan granted on April 27, 2016, the funds of which were sent to Zemenik Trading (or according to instructions of and on behalf of Zemenik Trading) for payment to the Seller of a part of the purchase price for 100 (one hundred) percent shares in the authorized capital of Headhunter FSU under Sale and Purchase Agreement 1; and

[TABLE] (iii) | payment to ELQ Investors for repayment of the ELQ Investors’ loan granted on April 27, 2016, the funds of which were sent to Zemenik Trading (or according to instructions of and on behalf of Zemenik Trading) for payment to the Seller of a part of the purchase price for 100 (one hundred) percent shares in the authorized capital of Headhunter FSU under Sale and Purchase Agreement 1.

[TABLE] (h) | making the following payments within 5 (five) Business Days after the Disbursement Date of Tranche B:

[TABLE] (i) | payment of an amount (not exceeding the amount of Tranche B) by the Borrower to Zemenik Trading under Sale and Purchase Agreement 2; and

[TABLE] (ii) | payment of an amount received from the Borrower under Sale and Purchase Agreement 2, to ELQ Investors and Highworld for repayment of loans granted by ELQ Investors and Highworld to Zemenik Trading prior to the date of this Agreement; and

[TABLE] (iii) | payment of any fees binding by virtue of the applicable laws, to any shareholders not being members of the Group or members of legal entities being members of the Group if such shareholder or member withdraws from the legal entity,

[TABLE] (a) | if such participatory interests or shares are a subject-matter of the Pledge Agreement, such participatory interests or shares will continue to be pledged, regardless of the repurchase;

[TABLE] (b) | such member of the Group complies with all applicable legal requirements for such redemption, including requirements for the amount of the authorized capital of such member of the Group; and

[TABLE] (c) | repurchased shares or participatory interests are to be repaid within a period established by the applicable laws.

[TABLE] (a) | granted by members of the Group prior to the date of this Agreement and listed in Appendix 11 (List of Existing Loans);

[TABLE] (b) | granted by any Debtor to another Debtor;

[TABLE] (c) | granted by any member of the Group to the Debtor under loan agreements, for which the procedure and priority of claims are regulated by the Intercreditor Agreement;

[TABLE] (d) | granted by any member of the Group which is not the Debtor, to another member of the Group which is not the Debtor;

[TABLE] (e) | granted in aggregate by any member of the Group to third parties in a total principal amount not exceeding 5 (five) percent of the Consolidated EBITDA at any time; and

[TABLE] (f) | granted by the shareholders of Zemenik Trading on April 27, 2016, in an aggregate amount not exceeding RUB 4,000,000,000 (four billion Rubles), which funds were transferred to Zemenik Trading (or according to instructions of and on behalf of Zemenik Trading) for payment to the Seller of a part of the purchase price for 100 (one hundred) percent of shares in the authorized capital of Headhunter FSU under Sale and Purchase Agreement 1.

[TABLE] (a) | the financial condition of the Group in general;

[TABLE] (b) | the ability of the Debtors to fulfill their obligations under any Financial Document;

[TABLE] (c) | the validity or priority of the security that is, or should be, granted under any Financial Document or the possibility of enforcement of such collateral; or

[TABLE] (d) | the validity of the Financial Documents or the possibility of exercising such rights of the Parties to the Financing as provided by each respective Financial Document.

[TABLE] (a) | Lease Agreement No. 3706 dated March 1, 2013;

[TABLE] (b) | Lease Agreement No. 4480 dated September 16, 2015; and

[TABLE] (c) | Lease Agreement No. 4735 dated May 4, 2016.

[TABLE] (a) | such a significant malfunction (as occurred for reasons beyond the control of any of the Parties) in those payment systems or communication systems or in those financial markets whose operation in each case is necessary for making payments (or other transactions to be performed) in accordance with the transactions provided for by the Financial Documents; or

[TABLE] (b) | occurrence of any other event that entails such a (technical or systemic) failure in the cash or settlement transactions of any Party which prevents this or any other Party from:

[TABLE] (i) | fulfillment of its payment obligations under the Financial Documents; or

[TABLE] (ii) | communication with other Parties under the Financial Documents and that was not caused by a Party whose operations were disrupted and which occurred for any reasons beyond the control of that Party.

[TABLE] (a) | receiving cash as a loan;

[TABLE] (b) | obtaining a commodity loan, a commercial loan for a period of more than 30 (thirty) days, or issuing an uncovered letter of credit if such debt is classified as a “financial indebtedness” in accordance with IFRS;

[TABLE] (c) | issuing bonds, notes and any other debt instruments;

[TABLE] (d) | concluding a financial lease agreement;

[TABLE] (e) | making transactions with derivative financial instruments in order to get protection against or benefit from fluctuations in any exchange rates, interest rates or prices, and the amount of the transaction with such derivative financial instruments shall be calculated on the basis of market indicators at each time;

[TABLE] (f) | making repo transactions or any other transaction that is a borrowing in accordance with IFRS;

[TABLE] (g) | assuming the obligation to recover losses or expenses incurred by persons not belonging to the Group;

[TABLE] (h) | entering into the Incentive Plans Based on the Group’s Equity Instruments; or

[TABLE] (i) | making transactions providing for the assumption of any obligations: (A) of suretyship or guarantee for performance of any obligations by any persons not belonging to the Group; or (B) of reimbursement to a guarantor, surety under suretyship for any amounts under the guarantee, suretyship; or (C) of liability with respect to the right of subrogation claims against any purchaser of a traded or discounted receivable,

[TABLE] (a) | this Agreement;

[TABLE] (b) | each Security Agreement;

[TABLE] (c) | each Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement;

[TABLE] (d) | each Supplementary Guarantee Issue Agreement;

[TABLE] (e) | the Intercreditor Agreement;

[TABLE] (f) | each Lender’s Assignment Agreement;

[TABLE] (g) | each Disbursement Request;

[TABLE] (h) | any other document which the Credit Agent and the Borrower have agreed in writing to consider as the Financial Document; or

[TABLE] (i) | each Document Related to the Reorganization.

[TABLE] Signature: | /signature/

[TABLE] Full name: | Mikhail Alexandrovich Zhukov

[TABLE] Position: | General Director

[TABLE] Seal:
[HEADHUNTER LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY, INN (Taxpayer
Identification Number) 7718620740
hh]

[TABLE] Signature: | /signature/

[TABLE] Full name: | Karen Eduardovich Agayan

[TABLE] Position: | General Director

[TABLE] Signature: | /signature/

[TABLE] Full name: | Vitaly Nikolaevich Buzoverya

[TABLE] Position: | Attorney-in-Fact

[TABLE] (1) | HEADHUNTER LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Russian Federation, registration number1067761906805, located at: 9, Godovikova St., bld. 10, Moscow, the Russian Federation, as the guarantor under the Guarantee and the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement (the “Guarantor”)

[TABLE] (2) | to BANK VTB (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY), a public joint-stock company incorporated under the laws of the Russian Federation, registered in the Unified State Register of Legal Entities (EGRUL) under number (Primary State Registration Number (OGRN)): 1027739609391, with its office at the address: 29, Bolshaya Morskaya St., Saint Petersburg, Russia, 190000, as the beneficiary under the Guarantee and the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement (the “Original Lender” and the “Credit Agent”).

[TABLE] (A) | The Original Lender as a credit agent, organizer and original lender and the Borrower as a borrower have entered into the Syndicated Loan Agreement dated May 16, 2016, (the “Loan Agreement”) as amended by Amendment Agreement No. 1 dated December 14, 2016, Amendment Agreement No. 2 dated June 28, 2017, and Amendment Agreement No. 3 dated October 5, 2017, (hereinafter referred to as “Amendment Agreement No. 3”) by which the Lender and the Borrower agreed to amend the Loan Agreement, inter alia, to increase a loan amount up to RUB 7,000,000,000 (seven billion Rubles).

[TABLE] (B) | The Guarantor, the Borrower and the Original Lender entered into the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement dated May 16, 2016, (the “Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement”), and the Guarantor issued an independent guarantee dated May 16, 2016, (the “Guarantee”) in favor of the Original Lender under the Guarantee Issue Agreement to ensure performance of the Borrower’s obligations under the Loan Agreement.

[TABLE] (C) | The Guarantor hereby confirms that it is aware of all the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement as amended by Amendment Agreement No. 3 and does not have the right to invoke the fact that it was not aware of such terms and conditions.

[TABLE] (D) | The Parties entered into an agreement to make amendments No. 1 to the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement dated October 5, 2017, under which the Guarantor undertakes to amend the Guarantee as specified in this Amendment to ensure the fulfillment of the Borrower’s obligations under the Loan Agreement as amended by Amendment Agreement No. 3.

[TABLE] 1. | DEFINITIONS

[TABLE] 1.1. | Terms

[TABLE] 1.2. | Embedded Terms

[TABLE] 1.3. | Purpose

[TABLE] 2. | AMENDMENTS

[TABLE] 3. | LIMITATIONS

[TABLE] (a) | In order to comply with the provisions of Article 371 of the Civil Code, the Guarantee shall be deemed amended in accordance with this Amendment only if the Guarantor obtains the consent of the Original Lender to make amendments in accordance with this Amendment.

[TABLE] (b) | Any amendments to the Guarantee hereunder shall be limited to the amendments specified in Article 2 (Amendments). No other provisions of the Guarantee (except for those specified in Article 2 (Amendments)) shall be amended hereby.

[TABLE] (c) | This Amendment does not relieve the Guarantor of any obligations under the Guarantee.

[TABLE] 4. | APPLICABLE LAW

[TABLE] 5. | DISPUTE SETTLEMENT

[TABLE] (a) | If any dispute, inter alia, concerning their provisions, existence, validity or termination, arises in connection with this Amendment, such dispute shall be subject to pre-trial settlement by sending a respective claim by either Party to the other Party. If a Party does not receive an answer to the sent claim and if the dispute is not settled within 10 (ten) Business Days from the date of receipt of the claim by the other Party, such dispute may be referred to court under Sub-Clause (b) below.

[TABLE] (b) | According to the provisions of Sub-Clause (a) above, if any dispute arises in connection with this Amendment, including, but not limited to, any dispute concerning their provisions, existence, validity or termination, such dispute shall be settled by the Moscow Arbitration Court.

[TABLE] 6. | EXECUTION

[TABLE] (A) | One of the conditions for granting a loan under the Loan Agreement to the Borrower is the conclusion of a guarantee issue agreement (hereinafter referred to as the “Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement”) concluded on May 16, 2016, between the Guarantor as the guarantor, the Borrower as the principal and the Original Lender as the beneficiary and the issue of this Guarantee.

[TABLE] (B) | In accordance with the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement, the Guarantor shall issue this Guarantee on the terms and conditions set forth in the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement and this Guarantee.

[TABLE] 1. | DEFINITIONS

[TABLE] (a) | any Original Lender; and (or)

[TABLE] (b) | any banks or other credit or other organizations (except for any person belonging to the Borrower’s Group) which acquire the rights of claim to the Borrower and (or) the obligation to grant the Loan under the provisions of Article 22.2 (Assignment of Rights and Transfer of Obligations by the Lenders) of the Loan Agreement and the current laws.

[TABLE] (a) | payment of an aggregate principal of the Loan not exceeding RUB 7,000,000,000 (Seven billion Rubles) to be finally repaid within 1,825 (One thousand eight hundred and twenty-five) calendar days from the date of Amendment Agreement No. 3 in the manner established by Article 7 (Loan Repayment) of the Loan Agreement (inter alia, in case of a mandatory early repayment provided for by the Loan Agreement);

[TABLE] (b) | payment of interest due under Article 9 (Interest) of the Loan Agreement at an annual interest rate equal to:

[TABLE] (i) | a margin of:

[TABLE] (A) | 3.7 (three point seven) percent per annum for any Interest Period starting before the date of Amendment Agreement No. 3; or

[TABLE] (B) | 2.0 (two) percent per annum

[TABLE] (1) | for any Interest Period starting from the date of Amendment Agreement No. 3 or thereafter; or

[TABLE] (2) | 2.5 (two point five) percent per annum in any cases specified in Article 9.2 (Margin Adjustment) of the Loan Agreement; and

[TABLE] (ii) | the Key Interest Rate;

[TABLE] (c) | payment of a penalty according to Article 9.4 (Penalty) of the Loan Agreement due if the Borrower fails to timely fulfill an obligation of payment of any amount due under the Financial Document; such penalty being 2/365 interest rate established under Article 9.1 (Interest Calculation) of the Loan Agreement taking into account the provisions of Article 9.2 (Margin Adjustment) of the Loan Agreement, of an overdue debt of the Outstanding Loan for each day of delay. A penalty is calculated on an overdue amount during a period from a date following an established maturity date to a date of actual payment (prior to or after delivery of a judgment);

[TABLE] (d) | payment of reimbursement for funds available for granting the Loan under Article 11.1 (Fee for the Obligation under the Agreement) of the Loan Agreement, which amount shall be calculated as follows:

[TABLE] (i) | at the rate of 0.15 (zero point one five) percent per annum of an amount of the Unused Loan Limit within Tranche A (without deduction of an amount to be granted);

[TABLE] (ii) | at the rate of 0.5 (zero point five) percent per annum of an amount of the Unused Loan Limit within Tranche B (without deduction of an amount to be granted),

[TABLE] such consideration being accrued for the Disbursement Period of Tranche A and the Disbursement Period of Tranche B, respectively, and paid as follows:

[TABLE] (iii) | in respect of the Unused Loan Limited of Tranche A, on the last day of the Disbursement Period of Tranche A or on the Disbursement Date of Tranche A, whichever occurs first;

[TABLE] (iv) | in respect of the Unused Loan Limit of Tranche B, on the last Business Day of each calendar month within the Disbursement Period of Tranche B or on the last day of the Disbursement Period of Tranche B, whichever occurs first.

[TABLE] A fee for the obligation of granting of the Loan shall not apply to the Unused Loan Limit in terms of Tranche B and Tranche D.

[TABLE] (e) | payment of a Lenders’ consideration for granting the Loan under Article 11.2 (Loan Extension Fee) of the Loan Agreement which amounts to:

[TABLE] (i) | 1.5 (one point five) percent of Tranche A;

[TABLE] (ii) | 1.5 (one point five) percent of Tranche B;

[TABLE] (iii) | 0.25 (zero point two five) percent of Tranche C; and

[TABLE] (iv) | 0.25 (zero point two five) percent of Tranche D prior to the Disbursement Date of a respective Tranche;

[TABLE] (f) | reimbursement to the Parties to the Financing for any costs or losses to be reimbursed under Articles 14.1 (Reimbursement for Currency Costs), 14.3 (Reimbursement for Costs of the Credit Agent) and 14.4 (Transaction-Related Costs), 14.5 (Amendment Costs) of the Loan Agreement.

[TABLE] (g) | reimbursement to the Parties to the Financing for any documented costs (including fees of any legal and other advisers) incurred by a Party to the Financing because of a mandatory performance of any Financial Document or protection of its rights under the Financial Documents.

[TABLE] (h) | reimbursement to the Parties to the Financing for any expenses under Article 14.2 (Reimbursement for Other Costs) of the Loan Agreement incurred by a Party to the Financing as a result of:

[TABLE] (i) | occurrence of the Event of Default;

[TABLE] (ii) | impossibility to grant the Loan to the Borrower against the Disbursement Request pursuant to any provisions of the Loan Agreement; or

[TABLE] (iii) | Borrower’s inability to early repay the Outstanding Loan or a part thereof, in spite of an early repayment notice submitted to the Credit Agent.

[TABLE] (i) | payment of any other amounts due under the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement;

[TABLE] (j) | full return of any funds obtained by the Borrower if the Loan Agreement is not valid, and payment of such interest for an illegal use of the funds and/or for use of third parties’ funds as accrued under the applicable laws, as well as reimbursement for any losses (except for lost profit) incurred as a result of an illegal use of such funds.

[TABLE] 2. | INDEPENDENT GUARANTEE

[TABLE] 3. | PAYMENT CLAIM

[TABLE] 4. | VALIDITY TERM

[TABLE] 5. | CLAIM ASSIGNMENT AND DEBT TRANSFER

[TABLE] 5.1. | Claim Assignment and Debt Transfer

[TABLE] 5.2. | Transfer of Rights by the Lenders

[TABLE] (a) | The Original Lender may, without the consent of the Guarantor and the Borrower, assign all or part of its rights (claims) under this Guarantee to any person to whom it has assigned its rights under the Loan Agreement. The Guarantor hereby expresses its consent to such assignment and shall be liable to any person to whom the Lender has assigned its rights under the Loan Agreement.

[TABLE] (b) | If the Original Lender assigns its rights (claims) under Clause (a) above, the Lenders that have wholly or partially assigned the rights (claims) under this Guarantee become beneficiaries hereunder.

[TABLE] 5.3. | Debt Transfer

[TABLE] 6. | CHANGE IN THE SECURED OBLIGATIONS

[TABLE] 7. | APPLICABLE LAW

[TABLE] 8. | DISPUTE SETTLEMENT

[TABLE] (a) | If any dispute arises in connection with this Guarantee, including, but not limited to, any dispute concerning its provisions, existence, validity or termination, such dispute shall be subject to pre-trial settlement by sending a respective claim by either Party to the other Party. If a Party does not receive an answer to the sent claim and if the dispute is not settled within 10 (ten) Business Days from the date of receipt of the claim by the other Party, such dispute may be referred to court under Clause (b) below.

[TABLE] (b) | According to the provisions of Clause (a) above, if any dispute arises in connection with this Agreement, including, but not limited to, any dispute concerning its provisions, existence, validity or termination, such dispute shall be settled by the Moscow Arbitration Court.

[TABLE] 9. | COUNTERPARTS

[TABLE] Company | Address, Fax and E-mail | Address, Fax and E-mail | Address, Fax and E-mail

[TABLE] Guarantor

[TABLE] HEADHUNTER LIMITED
LIABILITY COMPANY | Address: | 9, Godovikova St., bld. 10, Moscow, the Russian Federation

[TABLE] HEADHUNTER LIMITED
LIABILITY COMPANY | Fax: | +7 495 974-64-27

[TABLE] HEADHUNTER LIMITED
LIABILITY COMPANY | Email: | zhukov@hh.ru

[TABLE] HEADHUNTER LIMITED
LIABILITY COMPANY | Attn: | Mikhail Zhukov

[TABLE] Borrower

[TABLE] ZEMENIK LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY | Address: | 4 Akademika Ilyushina St., bld. 1, office 54,
Moscow, the Russian Federation, 125319

[TABLE] ZEMENIK LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY | Fax: | +7 495 974-64-27

[TABLE] ZEMENIK LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY | Email: | karen.agayan@arpartners.ru

[TABLE] ZEMENIK LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY | Attn: | Karen Eduardovich Agayan

[TABLE] Original Lender

[TABLE] BANK VTB (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY) | Address: | 43 Vorontsovskaya St., bld. 1, Moscow, 109147

[TABLE] BANK VTB (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY) | Fax: | +7 495 775-54-54

[TABLE] BANK VTB (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY) | Email: | loanadmin@msk.vtb.ru,TM21@msk.vtb.ru

[TABLE] BANK VTB (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY) | Attn: | Credit Authority

[TABLE] Signature: | /signature/

[TABLE] Full name: | Mikhail Alexandrovich Zhukov

[TABLE] Position: | General Director

[TABLE] Seal:
[HEADHUNTER LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY, INN (Taxpayer
Identification Number) 7718620740
hh]

[TABLE] Signature: | /signature/

[TABLE] Full name: | Vitaly Nikolaevich Buzoverya

[TABLE] Position: | Attorney-in-Fact

[TABLE] Signature: | /signature/

[TABLE] Full name: | Karen Eduardovich Agayan

[TABLE] Position: | General Director

[TABLE] From: | Headhunter LLC

[TABLE] To: | VTB BANK (PJSC)

[TABLE] 1. | GENERAL PROVISIONS

[TABLE] 1.1 | This letter is sent in connection with the following documents:

[TABLE] 1.1.1 | agreement on provision of a syndicated facility in the amount of 7,000,000,000 roubles dated 16 May 2016 (the “Facility Agreement”) made between the Bank as the arranger, facility agent and original lender and LLC Zemenik as the borrower (the “Borrower”), as amended by amendment agreement No. 1 dated 14 December 2016, amendment agreement No. 2 dated 28 June 2017, amendment agreement No. 3 dated 5 October 2017 and amendment agreement No. 4 dated 29 December 2017 (“Amendment Agreement No. 4”); and

[TABLE] 1.1.2 | independent guarantee dated 16 May 2016 (the “Independent Guarantee”) issued by the Company in favour of the Bank, subject to amendments No. 1 dated 5 October 2017.

[TABLE] 2. | CONSENTS AND CONFIRMATIONS

[TABLE] 2.1 | Hereby we agree and confirm that:

[TABLE] 2.1.1 | we are aware of all the terms and conditions of Amendment Agreement No. 4, have no objections as to the content thereof, agree to execution thereof by the parties and are not entitled to refer to the fact that we were not aware of the terms and conditions of Amendment Agreement No. 4;

[TABLE] 2.1.2 | the Independent Guarantee continues to secure the Borrower’s obligations under the Facility Agreement in full, subject to consents, amendments and supplements provided or made by Amendment Agreement No. 4; and

[TABLE] 2.1.3 | the Independent Guarantee is effective, has full legal force and effect and we continue to duly perform the obligations under the Independent Guarantee in accordance with the terms and conditions thereof.

[TABLE] 3. | GOVERNING LAW AND DISPUTES RESOLUTION

[TABLE] 3.1 | This letter of consent shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Russian Federation.

[TABLE] 3.2 | In case of any dispute in connection with this letter of consent, such dispute shall be reviewed by the Moscow City Arbitrazh Court.

[TABLE] HERBERT
SMITH
FREEHILLS | EXECUTION COPY

[TABLE] 1. | DEFINITIONS | 183

[TABLE] 2. | AMENDMENTS | 184

[TABLE] 3. | LIMITATIONS | 184

[TABLE] 4. | REPRESENTATIONS | 185

[TABLE] 5. | APPLICABLE LAW | 185

[TABLE] 6. | DISPUTE SETTLEMENT | 185

[TABLE] 7. | EXECUTION | 185

[TABLE] APPENDIX 1 REVISED INDEPENDENT GUARANTEE ISSUE AGREEMENT | APPENDIX 1 REVISED INDEPENDENT GUARANTEE ISSUE AGREEMENT | APPENDIX 1 REVISED INDEPENDENT GUARANTEE ISSUE AGREEMENT | 186

[TABLE] (1) | ZEMENIK TRADING LIMITED, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Cyprus, registration number HE 332806, address (location) of the legal entity: 42 Dositheou, Strovolos 2028, Nicosia, Cyprus, as the guarantor hereunder (the “Guarantor”);

[TABLE] (2) | ZEMENIK LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Russian Federation, registered in the Unified State Register of Legal Entities of the Russian Federation under number (OGRN (Primary State Registration Number)): 1167746153860, located at: 4 Akademika Ilyushina St., bld. 1, office 54, Moscow, the Russian Federation, 125319, as the principal hereunder and the Borrower under the Loan Agreement (the “Borrower”); and

[TABLE] (3) | BANK VTB (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY), a public joint-stock company incorporated under the laws of the Russian Federation, registered in the Unified State Register of Legal Entities (EGRUL) under number (Primary State Registration Number (OGRN)): 1027739609391, with its office at the address: 29, Bolshaya Morskaya St., Saint Petersburg, Russia, 190000, as the beneficiary hereunder and the Credit Agent, Organizer and Original Lender under the Loan Agreement (the “Original Lender” and the “Credit Agent”)

[TABLE] (A) | The Original Lender as a credit agent, organizer and original lender and the Borrower as a borrower have entered into the Syndicated Loan Agreement dated May 16, 2016, as amended by Amendment Agreement No. 1 dated December 14, 2016, Amendment Agreement No. 2 dated June 28, 2017, and Amendment Agreement No. 3 dated October 5, 2017, (hereinafter referred to as “Amendment Agreement No. 3”) by which the Lender and the Borrower agreed to amend the Loan Agreement, inter alia, to increase a loan amount up to RUB 7,000,000,000 (seven billion Rubles).

[TABLE] (B) | The Parties entered into the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement dated June 1, 2016, as amended by Amendment Agreement 1 dated June 28, 2017 (the “Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement”), and the Guarantor issued an independent guarantee dated June 1, 2016, in favor of the Original Lender under the Guarantee Issue Agreement (the “Guarantee”).

[TABLE] (C) | The Guarantor hereby confirms that it is aware of all the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement as amended by Amendment Agreement No. 3 and does not have the right to invoke the fact that it was not aware of such terms and conditions.

[TABLE] (D) | The Parties hereby agree to make such amendments to the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement and to the Guarantee as specified herein to ensure the fulfillment of the Borrower’s obligations under the Loan Agreement as amended by Amendment Agreement No. 3.

[TABLE] 1. | DEFINITIONS

[TABLE] 1.1. | Terms

[TABLE] 1.2. | Embedded Terms

[TABLE] 1.3. | Interpretation

[TABLE] 1.4. | Purpose

[TABLE] 2. | AMENDMENTS

[TABLE] (a) | The Parties agree that the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement shall be amended as specified in Appendix 1 (Revised Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement) since the date of this Agreement; the rights and obligations of the Parties under the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement shall be governed and construed under the Revised Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement since the date of this Agreement.

[TABLE] (b) | The Guarantor shall amend the Guarantee to reflect changes in the Secured Obligations and other amendments that are made to the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement in accordance with Clause (a) above (taking into account such amendments, hereinafter referred to as the “Revised Guarantee”).

[TABLE] 3. | LIMITATIONS

[TABLE] (a) | Any amendments to the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement hereunder shall be limited to the amendments specified in Article 2 (Amendments). No other provisions of the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement (except for those specified in Article 2 (Amendments)) shall be amended hereby.

[TABLE] (b) | The Guarantor hereby agrees to be liable for the obligations of the Borrower arising out of the Loan Agreement, for the avoidance of doubt, inter alia, taking into account the amendments introduced by Amendment Agreement No. 3, and confirms that the Guarantee is valid, has full legal force, and the Guarantor continues its due fulfillment of the obligations under the Revised Guarantee in accordance with its terms and conditions, as well as with the terms and conditions of the Revised Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement.

[TABLE] (c) | This Agreement does not relieve the Guarantor of any obligations under the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement or the Guarantee.

[TABLE] 4. | REPRESENTATIONS

[TABLE] (a) | The Guarantor grants the Original Lender the representations of circumstances set forth in Article 3 (Representations of Circumstances of the Guarantor) of the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement.

[TABLE] (b) | Any representations of circumstances specified in Clause (a) above shall be provided by the Guarantor on the date of this Agreement with a reference to the circumstances existing on the date hereof.

[TABLE] (c) | Any references to the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement in such representations of circumstances as provided according to Clause (a) above shall be deemed as including, inter alia, references to this Agreement.

[TABLE] 5. | APPLICABLE LAW

[TABLE] 6. | DISPUTE SETTLEMENT

[TABLE] (a) | If any dispute arises in connection with this Agreement, including, but not limited to, any dispute concerning its provisions, existence, validity or termination, such dispute shall be subject to pre-trial settlement by sending a respective claim by either Party to the other Party. If a Party does not receive an answer to the sent claim and if the dispute is not settled within 10 (ten) Business Days from the date of receipt of the claim by the other Party, such dispute may be referred to court under Sub-Clause (b) below.

[TABLE] (b) | According to the provisions of Sub-Clause (a) above, if any dispute arises in connection with this Agreement, including, but not limited to, any dispute concerning its provisions, existence, validity or termination, such dispute shall be settled by the Moscow Arbitration Court.

[TABLE] 7. | EXECUTION

[TABLE] 1. | TERMS AND DEFINITIONS | 189

[TABLE] 2. | INDEPENDENT GUARANTEE AND REIMBURSEMENT OF LOSSES | 193

[TABLE] 3. | REPRESENTATIONS OF GUARANTOR’S CIRCUMSTANCES | 194

[TABLE] 4. | OBLIGATIONS AND LIABILITY OF THE GUARANTOR | 197

[TABLE] 5. | VALIDITY TERM | 210

[TABLE] 6. | PAYMENT CLAIM, PAYMENTS, TAXES AND CURRENCY | 210

[TABLE] 7. | NOTICES | 212

[TABLE] 8. | MISCELLANEOUS | 214

[TABLE] 9. | CLAIM ASSIGNMENT AND DEBT TRANSFER | 214

[TABLE] 10. | APPLICABLE LAW | 215

[TABLE] 11. | DISPUTE SETTLEMENT | 215

[TABLE] 12. | COUNTERPARTS | 216

[TABLE] APPENDIX 1 TERMS OF THE LOAN AGREEMENT | APPENDIX 1 TERMS OF THE LOAN AGREEMENT | APPENDIX 1 TERMS OF THE LOAN AGREEMENT | 217

[TABLE] (1) | ZEMENIK TRADING LIMITED, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Cyprus, registration number HE 332806, located at: 42 Dositheou, Strovolos 2028, Nicosia, Cyprus, represented by Aleksandr Arbuzov, acting under the Articles of Association, as the guarantor hereunder (the “Guarantor”);

[TABLE] (2) | ZEMENIK LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Russian Federation, registered in the Unified State Register of Legal Entities of the Russian Federation under number (OGRN (Primary State Registration Number)): 1167746153860, located at: 4 Akademika Ilyushina St., bld. 1, office 54, Moscow, 125319, the Russian Federation, represented by Karen Eduardovich Agayan, acting under the Articles of Association, as the principal hereunder and the Borrower under the Loan Agreement (the “Borrower”); and

[TABLE] (3) | BANK VTB (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY), a public joint-stock company incorporated under the laws of the Russian Federation, registered in the Unified State Register of Legal Entities (EGRUL) under number (Primary State Registration Number (OGRN)): 1027739609391, located at: 29, Bolshaya Morskaya St., Saint Petersburg, the Russian Federation, 190000, represented by Vitaly Nikolaevich Buzoverya, acting under Power of Attorney 350000/25  , certified on January 14, 2016, under register number 2-25, as the beneficiary under this Agreement and the Credit Agent, Organizer and Original Lender under the Loan Agreement (the “Original Lender” and the “Credit Agent”)

[TABLE] (A) | According to the Loan Agreement, the Original Lender agrees to grant the Borrower funds in Rubles in an aggregate amount not exceeding RUB 7,000,000,000 (seven billion Rubles) on the terms and conditions stipulated in the Loan Agreement.

[TABLE] (B) | One of the preconditions for granting of the Loan to the Borrower under the Loan Agreement is execution of this Agreement and issue of the Guarantee by the Guarantor in favor of the Original Lender.

[TABLE] (C) | This Agreement and the Guarantee are Financial Documents as defined in the Loan Agreement.

[TABLE] (D) | The Guarantor hereby confirms that it is aware of all the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement and does not have the right to invoke the fact that it was not aware of such terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement.

[TABLE] 1. | TERMS AND DEFINITIONS

[TABLE] 1.1. | Terms

[TABLE] (a) | payment of an aggregate principal of the Loan not exceeding RUB 7,000,000,000 (Seven billion Rubles) to be finally repaid within 1,825 (One thousand eight hundred and twenty-five) calendar days from the date of Amendment Agreement No. 3 in the manner established by Article 7 (Loan Repayment) of the Loan Agreement (inter alia, in case of a mandatory early repayment provided for by the Loan Agreement);

[TABLE] (b) | payment of interest due under Article 9 (Interest) of the Loan Agreement at an annual interest rate equal to:

[TABLE] (i) | a margin of:

[TABLE] A) | 3.7 (three point seven) percent per annum for any Interest Period starting before the date of Amendment Agreement No. 3; or

[TABLE] B) | 2.0 (two) percent per annum

[TABLE] 1) | for any Interest Period starting from the date of Amendment Agreement No. 3 or thereafter; or

[TABLE] 2) | 2.5 (two point five) percent per annum in any cases specified in Article 9.2 (Margin Adjustment) of the Loan Agreement; and

[TABLE] (ii) | the Key Interest Rate;

[TABLE] (c) | payment of a penalty according to Article 9.4 (Penalty) of the Loan Agreement due if the Borrower fails to timely fulfill an obligation of payment of any amount due under the Financial Document; such penalty being 2/365 interest rate established under Article 9.1 (Interest Calculation) of the Loan Agreement taking into account the provisions of Article 9.2 (Margin Adjustment) of the Loan Agreement, of an overdue debt of the Outstanding Loan for each day of delay. A penalty is calculated on an overdue amount during a period from a date following an established maturity date to a date of actual payment (prior to or after delivery of a judgment);

[TABLE] (d) | payment of reimbursement for funds available for granting the Loan under Article 11.1 (Fee for the Obligation under the Agreement) of the Loan Agreement, which amount shall be calculated as follows:

[TABLE] (i) | at the rate of 0.15 (zero point one five) percent per annum of an amount of the Unused Loan Limit within Tranche A (without deduction of an amount to be granted);

[TABLE] (ii) | at the rate of 0.5 (zero point five) percent per annum of an amount of the Unused Loan Limit within Tranche B (without deduction of an amount to be granted), such consideration being accrued for the Disbursement Period of Tranche A and the Disbursement Period of Tranche B, respectively, and paid as follows:

[TABLE] (iii) | in respect of the Unused Loan Limited of Tranche A, on the last day of the Disbursement Period of Tranche A or on the Disbursement Date of Tranche A, whichever occurs first;

[TABLE] (iv) | in respect of the Unused Loan Limit of Tranche B, on the last Business Day of each calendar month within the Disbursement Period of Tranche B or on the last day of the Disbursement Period of Tranche B, whichever occurs first.

[TABLE] (e) | payment of a Lenders’ consideration for granting the Loan under Article 11.2 (Loan Extension Fee) of the Loan Agreement which amounts to:

[TABLE] (i) | 1.5 (one point five) percent of Tranche A;

[TABLE] (ii) | 1.5 (one point five) percent of Tranche B;

[TABLE] (iii) | 0.25 (zero point two five) percent of Tranche C; and

[TABLE] (iv) | 0.25 (zero point two five) percent of Tranche D prior to the Disbursement Date of a respective Tranche;

[TABLE] (f) | reimbursement to the Parties to the Financing for any costs or losses to be reimbursed under Articles 14.1 (Reimbursement for Currency Costs), 14.3 (Reimbursement for Costs of the Credit Agent) and 14.4 (Transaction-Related Costs), 14.5 (Amendment Costs) of the Loan Agreement.

[TABLE] (g) | reimbursement to the Parties to the Financing for any documented costs (including fees of any legal and other advisers) incurred by a Party to the Financing because of a mandatory performance of any Financial Document or protection of its rights under the Financial Documents.

[TABLE] (h) | reimbursement to the Parties to the Financing for any expenses under Article 14.2 (Reimbursement for Other Costs) of the Loan Agreement incurred by a Party to the Financing as a result of:

[TABLE] (i) | occurrence of the Event of Default;

[TABLE] (ii) | impossibility to grant the Loan to the Borrower against the Disbursement Request pursuant to any provisions of the Loan Agreement; or

[TABLE] (iii) | Borrower’s inability to early repay the Outstanding Loan or a part thereof, in spite of an early repayment notice submitted to the Credit Agent.

[TABLE] (i) | payment of any other amounts due under the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement;

[TABLE] (j) | full return of any funds obtained by the Borrower if the Loan Agreement is not valid, and payment of such interest for an illegal use of the funds and/or for use of third parties’ funds as accrued under the applicable laws, as well as reimbursement for any losses (except for lost profit) incurred as a result of an illegal use of such funds.

[TABLE] 1.2. | Interpretation

[TABLE] (a) | In this Agreement, unless the context requires otherwise:

[TABLE] (i) | until the Original Lender assigns its rights (claims) under this Agreement and the Guarantee to any person to whom it assigns its rights under the Loan Agreement pursuant to Article 9.2 (Transfer of Rights by the Lenders), all references to the Credit Agent and the Lenders shall mean references to the Original Lender. For the avoidance of doubt, this Clause (a) does not limit the obligations of the Guarantor provided for by Clause (b) of Article 9.2;

[TABLE] (ii) | a reference to the Credit Agent, the Organizer, the Financing Party, the Original Lender, the Lender, the Borrower, the Guarantor or a Party also implies a reference to their successors by virtue of law, the Loan Agreement or this Agreement;

[TABLE] (iii) | a document in a harmonized form means a document agreed in writing by the Credit Agent and the Guarantor or a document drawn up in a form acceptable to the Credit Agent;

[TABLE] (iv) | assets include existing or future property, income and rights of any kind;

[TABLE] (v) | a reference to the Financial Document or another agreement, document or financial instrument implies such Financial Document or another agreement, document or financial instrument as amended from time to time;

[TABLE] (vi) | a person includes any individual, legal entity, governmental authority, government or state;

[TABLE] (vii) | “laws” means any law, ordinance, decree, order, resolution, provision, rule, commissioner orders, requirements or recommendations of any legislative or executive state, municipal, interstate or international authority, ministry, department, service, agency or committee or any judicial body, as well as standards and rules of self-regulatory organizations that are mandatory for members of such self-regulating organizations (exclusively with respect to members of such self-regulating organizations);

[TABLE] (viii) | a reference to a legislative provision means a reference to such a provision as amended from time to time;

[TABLE] (ix) | it is understood that the words “include” and “including”, as well as the expression “inter alia” are accompanied by the words “but not limited to”;

[TABLE] (x) | Article, Sub-Clause, Clause or Appendix means a reference to an Article, Sub-Clause, Clause of this Agreement or an Appendix hereto;

[TABLE] (xi) | an indication of time means Moscow time, unless otherwise specifically indicated in this Agreement;

[TABLE] (xii) | the term “debt” includes any obligation (including, but not limited to a guarantee-based obligation) to pay or return cash, including, but not limited to any contingent transaction; and

[TABLE] (xiii) | a reference to the Lenders is a reference to all Lenders.

[TABLE] (b) | The headings in this Agreement shall not be deemed as affecting its interpretation.

[TABLE] 2. | INDEPENDENT GUARANTEE AND REIMBURSEMENT OF LOSSES

[TABLE] 2.1. | Independent Guarantee

[TABLE] 2.2. | Reimbursement for Losses

[TABLE] 3. | REPRESENTATIONS OF GUARANTOR’S CIRCUMSTANCES

[TABLE] 3.1. | Guarantor’s Representations

[TABLE] (a) | Status

[TABLE] (i) | The Guarantor is a legal entity duly incorporated and legally acting under the laws of the Republic of Cyprus.

[TABLE] (ii) | The Guarantor is the full owner of the property belonging to it and carries out its activities under the applicable law.

[TABLE] (b) | Legal Capacity and Authority

[TABLE] (i) | The Guarantor has the legal capacity and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement, the Guarantee and each Financial Document to which the Guarantor is party and the transactions provided for thereby; and the Guarantor obtained all necessary approvals for the execution and performance of this Agreement, the Guarantee and each Financial Document to which the Guarantor is a party, in the manner provided for by law and the Guarantor’s constituent and other internal regulations, including approval of transactions provided for in this Agreement, the Guarantee and each Financial Document to which the Guarantor is party.

[TABLE] (ii) | A person acting on behalf of the Guarantor has the authority to enter into this Agreement, the Guarantee and each Financial Document to which the Guarantor is a party.

[TABLE] (c) | Validity

[TABLE] (i) | This Agreement, the Guarantee and each Financial Document to which the Guarantor is a party are a legitimate, valid, binding and enforceable obligation of the Guarantor.

[TABLE] (ii) | This Agreement, the Guarantee and each Financial Document to which the Guarantor is a party are drawn up in a form ensuring the enforceability thereof in the Russian Federation and the Republic of Cyprus.

[TABLE] (d) | Absence of Contradictions

[TABLE] (i) | any applicable laws;

[TABLE] (ii) | its constituent and other internal regulations;

[TABLE] (iii) | any resolutions of its management bodies; and

[TABLE] (iv) | any other documents or agreements that are binding on the Pledgor.

[TABLE] (e) | Compliance with Legislation

[TABLE] (i) | The Guarantor’s business shall comply with the applicable laws in all aspects that the Credit Agent considers significant. The Guarantor shall timely submit tax returns and pay taxes in such terms and in such amounts as provided for by any applicable laws in all aspects that the Credit Agent considers significant.

[TABLE] (f) | Absence of Default

[TABLE] (i) | The execution or performance of this Agreement, the Guarantee and each Financial Document to which the Guarantor is a party and the transactions thereunder does not and will not result in any Default; and

[TABLE] (ii) | There are no other events or circumstances constituting a default under any document that is binding on the Guarantor or sets limits on the disposal of its property, and which have or are reasonably likely to have the Material Negative Impact.

[TABLE] (g) | Permits

[TABLE] (i) | As of the date of this Agreement, the Guarantor has obtained and maintains all the permits and consents required in connection with the conclusion, performance, maintenance, enforceability of this Agreement, the Guarantee, each Financial Document, to which the Guarantor is a party, and the transactions thereunder and introduction of the above-mentioned documents and transactions as evidence in trials.

[TABLE] (h) | Registration Requirements

[TABLE] (i) | Financial Statements

[TABLE] (i) | The most recent financial statements of the Group (and each member of the Group) provided under the Loan Agreement:

[TABLE] (A) | are prepared in accordance with the Applicable Accounting Standards; and

[TABLE] (B) | in all material respects, reliably reflect its financial position (if applicable, on a consolidated basis) as of the date of the preparation thereof, except, in each case, where otherwise indicated in such financial statements.

[TABLE] (ii) | There have been no events that could have the Material Negative Impact since the date on which the financial statements referred to in Clause (a) above are prepared.

[TABLE] (j) | Judicial Proceedings

[TABLE] (k) | Information

[TABLE] (i) | All such actual information having, in the opinion of the Credit Agent, the essential value as submitted by the Guarantor to the Parties to the Financing in connection with the Financial Documents to which the Guarantor is a party is true and accurate as of the submission date or (as the case may be) on a date (if any) which is indicated as the submission date.

[TABLE] (ii) | The Guarantor did not conceal any information which, if disclosed, would lead to the fact that any other information specified in Sub-Clause (i) above would become unreliable or misleading to a material extent in the opinion of the Credit Agent.

[TABLE] (iii) | As of the date of this Agreement and the first Disbursement Date from the date of provision of the information specified in Clause (i) above, there were no circumstances that, if disclosed, would lead to the fact that the provided information would become unreliable or misleading to a material extent in the opinion of the Credit Agent.

[TABLE] (l) | Loans Granted

[TABLE] (m) | Levies and Duties

[TABLE] (n) | Regulated Procurement

[TABLE] 3.2. | Term of Provision of Representations of Guarantor’s Circumstances

[TABLE] (a) | The Guarantor shall submit the representations of circumstances specified in this Article 3 as of the date of this Agreement.

[TABLE] (b) | Except where any Representations of Circumstances shall be submitted on a certain date, all Representations of Circumstances are considered to be submitted by the Guarantor subsequently on the date of each Disbursement Request, on each Disbursement Date and on the first day of each Interest Period.

[TABLE] (c) | If any Representations of Circumstances are provided again, they are extended to the circumstances existing at the time of their subsequent submission.

[TABLE] 4. | OBLIGATIONS AND LIABILITY OF THE GUARANTOR

[TABLE] 4.1. | Obligations of the Guarantor

[TABLE] (a) | Financial Statements

[TABLE] (i) | consolidated financial statements of the Group for each fiscal year approved by the Auditors and prepared in accordance with IFRS as soon as they become available, but in any case, within 180 (one hundred and eighty) days from the end date of such fiscal year;

[TABLE] (ii) | consolidated financial statements of the Group for each fiscal half a year reviewed by the Auditors and prepared in accordance with IFRS as soon as they become available, but in any case, within 120 (one hundred and twenty) days from the end date of such fiscal half a year;

[TABLE] (iii) | the Group’s management statements for each quarter of the relevant fiscal year (including a profit and loss statement, a balance sheet and a cash flow statement) prepared in accordance with IFRS as soon as they become available, but in any case, within 60 (sixty) days from the end of such quarter of the relevant fiscal year; and

[TABLE] (iv) | the financial statements (including a profit and loss statement, a balance sheet and a cash flow statement) of the Borrower and Headhunter for each quarter of the relevant fiscal year prepared under RAS as soon as they become available, but in any case, within 40 (forty) days from the end date of such quarter of the relevant fiscal year.

[TABLE] (b) | Requirements to the Financial Statements

[TABLE] (i) | a description of the changes to be made in the relevant financial statements in order to reflect changes in accounting principles and reporting periods that applied in preparation of the Original Financial Statements of the Group or the Debtor; and

[TABLE] (ii) | information in a form and content that meet the requirements of the Credit Agent and are sufficient to ensure that the Lenders can verify that the Borrower complies with the requirements of Article 18 (Financial Indicator Compliance Obligation) of the Loan Agreement and can adequately assess the Debtor’s financial position in accordance with the current financial statements compared to the Original Financial Statements of such Debtor.

[TABLE] (c) | Information: Other

[TABLE] (i) | The Guarantor shall provide the Credit Agent with:

[TABLE] (A) | simultaneously with sending to addressees, copies of all documents sent to all Guarantor’s lenders, or in case of any circumstances that have the Material Negative Impact, copies of all documents sent to all Guarantor’s members;

[TABLE] (B) | immediately after it becomes aware of the following facts, but within 5 Business Days from the date on which it becomes aware of such facts, details of any judicial, commercial, arbitration or administrative proceedings, including any investigative actions which result in or are highly likely to result in making any decisions, as a result of which the Group’s expenses will exceed 2.5 (two point five) percent of the Consolidated EBITDA; and

[TABLE] (C) | immediately upon its request, but within 5 (five) days from the date of the request, such additional information on the financial position and economic activities of any member of the Group that the Credit Agent may require in the interests of any Party to the Financing.

[TABLE] (ii) | The Guarantor shall notify the Credit Agent in writing of any of the following events immediately after the Guarantor becomes aware of them:

[TABLE] (A) | filing of a bankruptcy petition against the Pledgor to an arbitration court, and (or)

[TABLE] (B) | publication of a notice of the intention to apply with such petition in the manner prescribed by law; and (or)

[TABLE] (C) | impending filing of a bankruptcy petition on the basis of a received notice from a person intending to apply.

[TABLE] (d) | Auditors

[TABLE] (e) | Notice of Default

[TABLE] (i) | The Guarantor shall notify the Credit Agent of any Default (and measures, if any, to eliminate such Default) immediately after it becomes aware of this fact if the Borrower has not notified the Credit Agent of such Default.

[TABLE] (ii) | At the request of the Credit Agent, the Guarantor agrees to submit to the Credit Agent an application signed by the sole executive body or an authorized representative of the Guarantor certifying that the Default has been eliminated or, if the Default continues, explaining the measures taken to eliminate it.

[TABLE] (f) | Client Data Verification

[TABLE] (g) | Permissions and Corporate Approvals

[TABLE] (i) | The Guarantor shall timely receive, maintain and comply with and undertakes to ensure that each of its Subsidiaries timely receives, maintains and complies with the terms and conditions of any permits, consents and corporate approvals required by any applicable law in order to fulfill its obligations under the Financial Documents to which it is a party and to enable the use of the Financial Documents as evidence in arbitration proceedings and in courts of relevant jurisdictions, including arbitration courts.

[TABLE] (ii) | Except for obtaining of a license to work with personal data in the Republic of Azerbaijan, the Guarantor shall timely receive, maintain and comply with and undertakes to ensure that each of its Subsidiaries timely receives, maintains and complies with any permits, consents required under any applicable laws to conduct business activities of any member of the Group in the manner in which such business is carried out.

[TABLE] (h) | Prohibition Against Encumbrance of Assets

[TABLE] (i) | Encumbrance of assets (except for those specified in Clause (d) below, without double counting) whose aggregate book value at any time does not exceed 5 (five) percent of the Consolidated EBITDA;

[TABLE] (ii) | Encumbrance arising under the Security Agreements;

[TABLE] (iii) | any Encumbrance arising by virtue of law in the ordinary course of business; and

[TABLE] (iv) | any Encumbrance in the form of the right to debit funds from an account with a prior acceptance by the payer or a similar debiting right if this results in debiting of such funds in an amount of not more than 5 (five) percent of the Consolidated EBITDA.

[TABLE] (i) | Asset Disposal

[TABLE] (i) | disposal of assets or property in the ordinary course of business;

[TABLE] (ii) | disposal of assets or property as part of the Permitted Reorganization;

[TABLE] (iii) | disposal of assets or property as part of restructuring due to the right of ownership to HEADHUNTER.KZ LLP;

[TABLE] (iv) | disposal of assets or property of the members of the Group in such aggregate book or market value (whichever is greater) obtained as a result of one or more transactions made during each consecutive 12 (twelve) months, as does not exceed 5 (five) percent of the Consolidated EBITDA;

[TABLE] (v) | disposal of shares of CV Keskus OU (a company registered at: Mustamae tee 46, Tallinna linn, Harju maakond 10621, registration number: 11325768) provided that the After-disposal Debt Ratio does not exceed the Debt Ratio as of the last Settlement Date. In order to comply with the After-Disposal Debt Ratio, the Guarantor (or another member of the Group) may, prior to payment of funds (obtained from CV Keskus OU shares sale) to another member of the Group or shareholders of the Guarantor, allocate a part of such funds (obtained from disposal of shares of CV Keskus OU) to a partial repayment of the Outstanding Loan under Article 8.3 (Voluntary Early Repayment of the Outstanding Loan) of the Loan Agreement. The Guarantor shall, within 5 (five) Business Days prior to the disposal of the shares of CV Keskus OU to the Credit Agent, ensure that the Borrower submits to the Credit Agent a certificate proving the Borrower’s fulfillment of the terms and conditions provided for in Clause (e) Article 19.3 (Asset Disposal) of the Loan Agreement. The Borrower or another member of the Group may pay funds obtained from disposal of shares of CV Keskus OU, to the shareholders of the Guarantor according to the disposal results only once.

[TABLE] (vi) | disposal of shares or participatory interest in the authorized capital of a member of the Group that is not the Debtor, except for CV Keskus OU, provided that after such disposal:

[TABLE] (A) | The Debt Indicator (as defined below) does not exceed 2.0:1; and

[TABLE] (B) | after payment of the Allocated Amount, the Debt Indicator does not increase in comparison with the Debt Ratio as of the last Settlement Date.

[TABLE] (vii) | For the purposes of Clauses (v) and (vi) above, the following definitions have the following meaning:

[TABLE] (j) | Acquisition of Assets

[TABLE] (i) | in the ordinary course of business;

[TABLE] (ii) | as part of the Permitted Reorganization;

[TABLE] (iii) | as part of restructuring due to the right of ownership to HEADHUNTER.KZ LLP;

[TABLE] (iv) | by a member of the Group in such total amount paid by the member of the Group due to one or more transactions made during each consecutive 12 (twelve) months, as does not exceed 7.5 (seven point five) percent of the Consolidated EBITDA; or

[TABLE] (v) | purchased through the Permitted Financial Indebtedness.

[TABLE] (k) | Arm’s Length Transactions

[TABLE] (i) | The Guarantor may conclude deals with any persons only at arm’s length and undertakes to ensure that any of its Subsidiaries concludes deals with any person only at arm’s length.

[TABLE] (ii) | Clause (a) does not cover any transactions with the Debtors.

[TABLE] (l) | Lending

[TABLE] (m) | Provision of Guarantees and Suretyships

[TABLE] (i) | The Guarantor is not entitled to act as a guarantor or surety for the obligations of any person without the prior written consent of the Credit Agent and undertakes to ensure that any of its Subsidiaries does not act as a guarantor or surety for the obligations of any person without the prior written consent of the Credit Agent; and

[TABLE] (ii) | The provisions of Clause (i) above do not apply when such guarantee or suretyship secures the performance of the obligations of another member of the Group:

[TABLE] (A) | created through the Permitted Financial Indebtedness; or

[TABLE] (B) | claims under such guarantee or suretyship are subordinated to the obligations of the Guarantor under the Financial Documents pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement, in any case without double counting.

[TABLE] (n) | Financial Indebtedness

[TABLE] (o) | Fulfillment of Subsequent Conditions

[TABLE] (p) | Net Assets

[TABLE] (q) | Change of Business Activity

[TABLE] (r) | Existing Business Contracts

[TABLE] (s) | Taxation

[TABLE] (i) | the Mandatory Payments which are contested by the Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries in the manner prescribed by law; and

[TABLE] (ii) | the Mandatory Payments and costs for their contestation, for which there were created reserves recognized in the most recent financial statements submitted to the Credit Agent pursuant to Article 17.1 (Financial Statements) of the Loan Agreement; and

[TABLE] (iii) | a case where failure to pay such Mandatory Payments will not have the Material Negative Impact.

[TABLE] (t) | Equal Status of Obligations

[TABLE] (u) | Group Structure Scheme

[TABLE] (v) | Access

[TABLE] (w) | Additional General Obligations

[TABLE] (i) | taking all actions necessary to ensure the validity of the Borrower’s Pledge Agreement and the Headhunter’s Pledge Agreement if any Lender other than the Original Lender acquires any rights (claims) to the Borrower and (or) obligations to grant the Loan pursuant to the provisions of Article 22.2 (Assignment of Rights and Transfer of Obligations by the Lenders) of the Loan Agreement;

[TABLE] (ii) | entering into supplementary agreements to the Borrower’s Pledge Agreement and the Headhunter’s Pledge Agreement (on such terms and conditions as acceptable to the Lenders).

[TABLE] (x) | Reorganization and Reduction of the Authorized Capital

[TABLE] (y) | Issue of New Shares and Increase in the Authorized Capital

[TABLE] (i) | when a member of the Group acquires such issued shares or increases its participatory interest in the authorized capital of its Subsidiary; and

[TABLE] (ii) | if shares or participatory interests in the authorized capital of such Subsidiary are pledged in favor of the Lenders under the Pledge Agreement, such Pledge Agreement will cover all 100 (one hundred) percent of shares or participatory interests in the authorized capital of such Subsidiary owned by the Group members or the Pledgors.

[TABLE] (z) | Amendments to the Constituent Documents

[TABLE] (aa) | Payment of Dividends and Redemption of Shares / Participatory Interests

[TABLE] (i) | The Guarantor shall not, without the prior written consent of the Credit Agent, declare or pay any dividends or repurchase its participatory interests (except where required by the applicable law) and shall ensure that the Borrower and the other Debtors do not, without the prior written consent of the Credit Agent, declare or pay any dividends or repurchase its participatory interests (except where required by the applicable laws), except for the following cases:

[TABLE] (A) | payment of allocated profit by any Debtor to another Debtor or by any member of the Group to the Borrower or any Guarantor;

[TABLE] (B) | payment of allocated profit (inter alia, as the Permitted Redemption) to the Guarantor’s shareholders in an amount not exceeding 50 (fifty) percent of the Adjusted Consolidated Net Profit of the Group in case of confirmation by the Credit Agent that the value of the Adjusted Debt Ratio does not exceed 2.9:1;

[TABLE] (C) | payment of allocated profit (inter alia, as the Permitted Redemption) to the Guarantor’s shareholders in an amount not exceeding 70 (seventy) percent of the Adjusted Consolidated Net Profit of the Group in case of confirmation by the Credit Agent that the value of the Adjusted Debt Ratio does not exceed 2.7:1;

[TABLE] (D) | payments of the Allocated Profit by any member of the Group to any minority shareholders, provided that similar payments are made to shareholders (members) (being members of the Group) of such member of the Group in proportion to their participatory interest in the authorized capital of such member of the Group.

[TABLE] (ii) | For the purposes of this Clause (aa):

[TABLE] (A) | gains and losses arising out of any revaluation of any asset;

[TABLE] (B) | impairment of goodwill;

[TABLE] (C) | amortization and depreciation of the following intangible assets (identified at the acquiring of HeadHunter FSU in the Group’s 2016 financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS based on the standard of IFRS 3), provided that such amortization / impairment of the intangible assets will be indicated in the financial indicator compliance certificate submitted by the Borrower to the Credit Agent together with the financial statements of the Group for the year 2016 under Article 17.2 (Financial Indicator Compliance Certificate) of the Loan Agreement:

[TABLE] (1) | the trademark “hh”;

[TABLE] (2) | the trademark “CV Keskus”;

[TABLE] (3) | the CV database of hh.ru;

[TABLE] (4) | the CV database of CV Keskus;

[TABLE] (5) | relations between Headhunter and its clients;

[TABLE] (6) | relations between CV Keskus and its clients; and

[TABLE] (7) | hh.ru website software;

[TABLE] (D) | any non-monetary gains or losses from the Incentive Plans Based on the Group’s Equity Instruments; and

[TABLE] (E) | any income tax recognized in the Consolidated Net Profit of the Group for the non-monetary gains and losses as described in Clauses (A)—(D) above; and

[TABLE] (F) | gains and losses from any provision for a deferred tax on retained earnings.

[TABLE] 4.2. | Irrevocability of the Security

[TABLE] (a) | are an irrevocable security according to the provisions of Article 5.1 (Validity Term);

[TABLE] (b) | supplement any other security and are unimpaired by any other security that is now or hereafter provided to the Lenders for all or any of the Secured Obligations;

[TABLE] (c) | are not affected by any reorganization of the Guarantor and (or) the Borrower, including, but not limited to, any changes in the legal form of the Guarantor and/or the Borrower;

[TABLE] (d) | continue to be valid during any liquidation or insolvency (bankruptcy) procedure initiated against the Guarantor and (or) the Borrower, or during any reorganization of the Guarantor and (or) the Borrower to the extent permitted by the applicable law; and

[TABLE] (e) | continue to be valid until terminated hereunder.

[TABLE] 4.3. | Material Change in Circumstances

[TABLE] 4.4. | Waiver of Defense against Claims of the Lenders

[TABLE] (a) | Any dispute between the Guarantor, the Borrower and (or) any other Debtor, as well as between the Guarantor, the Borrower and (or) any other Debtor, on the one hand, and the Lenders, on the other hand, does not relieve the Guarantor from fulfilling the obligations under this Agreement and under the Guarantee.

[TABLE] (b) | The Guarantor is not entitled:

[TABLE] (i) | to file any such counterclaims or objections against any claims of the Lenders which the Borrower or another Debtor could submit; and

[TABLE] (ii) | to fail to fulfill any obligations under this Agreement and the Guarantee or postpone their fulfillment, referring to the existence of any dispute between the Borrower or another Debtor, on the one hand, and the Lenders, on the other hand.

[TABLE] 4.5. | Change in the Secured Obligations

[TABLE] 4.6. | Amendments

[TABLE] (a) | The Guarantor may not revoke or amend the Guarantee.

[TABLE] (b) | Any term or condition of this Agreement and the Guarantee may be amended by a written agreement signed by the Parties.

[TABLE] (c) | In case of any amendment to the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement, the Guarantor and the Borrower shall, at the request of the Credit Agent, enter into an agreement with the Lender within a period agreed by the Parties to make relevant amendments to this Agreement and the Guarantee if, according to the current legislation (including the judicial practice then existing) such amendments are necessary for the Guarantee to remain valid and to ensure the complete fulfillment of the Secured Obligations, taking into account amendments to the Loan Agreement.

[TABLE] 4.7. | Reimbursement to the Guarantor

[TABLE] (a) | The Guarantor hereby confirms that the Lender’s claims (filed directly by the Lender or through the Credit Agent) under the Loan Agreement shall take precedence over the Guarantor’s claims with respect to the Reimbursement for the Amounts Paid under the Guarantee.

[TABLE] (b) | The Guarantor hereby undertakes:

[TABLE] (i) | not to file any claims against the Borrower for the Reimbursement for the Amounts Paid under the Guarantee until the Secured Obligations are fully repaid;

[TABLE] (ii) | until the Secured Obligations are fully repaid, to refrain from assignment or any other transfer of its claims of the Reimbursement for the Amounts Paid under the Guarantee, and from encumbrance of such claims in favor of third parties (excluding the Credit Agent and (or) the Lenders in connection with the Loan Agreement), without the prior written consent of the Credit Agent acting under the provisions of the Loan Agreement; and

[TABLE] (iii) | without prejudice to the other provisions of this Agreement, if the Guarantor receives the Reimbursement for the Amounts Paid under the Guarantee in violation of the terms or conditions of this Agreement, to immediately transfer the amount received by the Guarantor as a result of the Reimbursement for the Amounts Paid under the Guarantee to the Credit Agent’s Account.

[TABLE] (c) | In accordance with the provisions of Article 309.1 paragraph 2 of the Civil Code, after the Guarantor’s transfer of an amount received by the Guarantor as a result of the Reimbursement for the Amounts Paid under the Guarantee to the Credit Agent’s Account, the Lenders’ claim to the Borrower in the relevant part passes to the Guarantor. The Guarantor that has transferred such amount to the Credit Agent’s Account may file such claim to the Borrower only after the Secured Obligations are fully repaid.

[TABLE] (d) | Until the Secured Obligations are fully repaid, the Borrower undertakes to refrain from the Reimbursement for the Amounts Paid under the Guarantee, without the prior written consent of the Credit Agent acting pursuant to a resolution of the Qualified Majority of the Lenders.

[TABLE] 5. | VALIDITY TERM

[TABLE] 5.1. | Validity Term

[TABLE] 5.2. | Continuing Obligations

[TABLE] 6. | PAYMENT CLAIM, PAYMENTS, TAXES AND CURRENCY

[TABLE] 6.1. | Payment Claim

[TABLE] 6.2. | Accounts for Receipt of Payments

[TABLE] (a) | The obligations of the Guarantor set forth in Article 6.1 (Payment Claim) are fulfilled by payment of an amount specified in the Payment Claim to the account of the Original Lender (or after assignment of rights (claims) under this Agreement and the Guarantee in accordance with Article 9.2 (Transfer of Rights by the Lenders), to the account of the Credit Agent acting on behalf of the Lenders).

[TABLE] (b) | Any amounts received by the Credit Agent are to be allocated among the Lenders by the Credit Agent in accordance with the Proportional Share of each Lender in the manner provided for in the Loan Agreement. The provisions of this Clause shall come into force from the assignment of the rights (claims) under this Agreement and the Guarantee by the Original Lender in accordance with Article 9.2 (Transfer of Rights by the Lenders).

[TABLE] 6.3. | Payments

[TABLE] 6.4. | Performance of the Guarantor’s Obligations

[TABLE] 6.5. | Withholding and Deduction

[TABLE] (a) | ensure that such deductions or withholdings do not exceed an amount provided for by law;

[TABLE] (b) | promptly pay the Original Lender (or, after assignment of rights (claims) under this Agreement and the Guarantee in accordance with Article 9.2 (Transfer of Rights by the Lenders), to the Credit Agent for allocation among the Lenders) an additional amount so that the total amount received by the Lenders is equal to the amount that would have been received by the Lenders if such deductions or withholdings were not made.

[TABLE] 6.6. | Receipt of Payments in Other Currencies

[TABLE] 6.7. | Prohibition of Set-Off or Counterclaim

[TABLE] 6.8. | Maturity Date

[TABLE] 6.9. | Value-Added Tax

[TABLE] 6.10. | Use of Received Funds

[TABLE] 7. | NOTICES

[TABLE] 7.1. | Written Form

[TABLE] 7.2. | Addresses

[TABLE] (a) | Unless otherwise provided for below, the contact details of each Party for all messages in connection with this Loan Agreement and the Guarantee are data which such Party reported to the Credit Agent for this purpose.

[TABLE] (b) | Contact details of the Guarantor:

[TABLE] ZEMENIK TRADING LIMITED | ZEMENIK TRADING LIMITED | ZEMENIK TRADING LIMITED

[TABLE] Address: | 42 Dositheou, Strovolos 2028, Nicosia, Cyprus

[TABLE] Fax: | +357 2267 9096

[TABLE] E-mail: | info@fiduserve.com

[TABLE] Attn: | The Directors / Stelios Haralambous

[TABLE] (c) | Contact details of the Borrower:

[TABLE] Zemenik Limited Liability Company | Zemenik Limited Liability Company | Zemenik Limited Liability Company

[TABLE] Address: | 4 Akademika Ilyushina St., bld. 1, office 54,
Moscow, the Russian Federation, 125319

[TABLE] Fax: | +7 495 974-64-27

[TABLE] E-mail: | karen.agayan@arpartners.ru

[TABLE] Attn: | Karen Eduardovich Agayan

[TABLE] (d) | Contact details of the Original Lender:

[TABLE] BANK VTB (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY) | BANK VTB (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY) | BANK VTB (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY)

[TABLE] Location: | 29, Bolshaya Morskaya St., Saint Petersburg, the Russian Federation, 190000

[TABLE] Mail address: | 43 Vorontsovskaya St., bld. 1, Moscow, 109147

[TABLE] Telex: | 412362 BFTR RU

[TABLE] Telephone: | +7 495 956-71-48

[TABLE] Fax: | +7 495 775-54-54

[TABLE] E-mail: | loanadmin@msk.vtb.ru, TM21@msk.vtb.ru

[TABLE] Attn: | Credit Authority

[TABLE] (e) | Any Party may change its contact details sending the Credit Agent an appropriate notice at least 5 (five) Business Days prior to such change. The Credit Agent shall notify all other Parties of any change in contact details.

[TABLE] (f) | If a Party specifies a particular division or official as a recipient of a message, such message shall not be considered to be sent if such division or official is not designated as the recipient.

[TABLE] 7.3. | Notice Delivery

[TABLE] (a) | Any message or document sent by a Party to another Party in connection with this Agreement and the Guarantee shall be deemed to have been received (except for a notice sent in accordance with the laws of the Russian Federation in case of filing of any claims under the Guarantee and any other cases expressly provided for by the Agreement and the Guarantee):

[TABLE] (i) | after receiving a message in a legible form when sent by fax or by another method which allows to establish reliably that the message is from a Party hereto; or upon delivery to the appropriate address when sent by courier; or

[TABLE] (ii) | upon delivery to the appropriate address or after 5 (five) Business Days after submitting to the post office when sent by mail with return receipt, whichever occurs first.

[TABLE] (b) | All notices sent by the Guarantor or to the Guarantor’s address shall be transmitted through the Credit Agent.

[TABLE] 7.4. | Language

[TABLE] 8. | MISCELLANEOUS

[TABLE] 8.1. | Partial Invalidity

[TABLE] 8.2. | Wording

[TABLE] 9. | CLAIM ASSIGNMENT AND DEBT TRANSFER

[TABLE] 9.1. | Claim Assignment and Debt Transfer

[TABLE] 9.2. | Transfer of Rights by the Lenders

[TABLE] (a) | The Lender may, without the consent of the Guarantor and the Borrower, assign all or part of its rights (claims) under this Agreement and the Guarantee to any person to whom it has assigned its rights under the Loan Agreement, in accordance with the requirements established by Article 22.2 (Assignment of Rights and Transfer of Obligations by the Lenders) of the Loan Agreement.

[TABLE] (b) | If the Lender assigns its rights (claims) under Clause (a) above, the Lenders that have wholly or partially assigned the rights (claims) under this Agreement and the Guarantee become beneficiaries under this Agreement and the Guarantee issued hereunder.

[TABLE] (c) | If the Lender assigns its rights (claims) under Clause (a) above, the Guarantor shall, at its own expense, take any actions and sign any documents necessary for the purposes of exercising and protecting the rights of the Lenders as beneficiaries under the Guarantee provided for by this Agreement and the Guarantee issued hereunder. In particular, the Guarantor shall, at its own expense, at the request of the Credit Agent, ensure:

[TABLE] (i) | taking all actions necessary to ensure the validity of this Agreement and the Guarantee issued hereunder; and

[TABLE] (ii) | entering into a new Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement with the Lenders and issuing a new Independent Guarantee on the terms and conditions similar to those of this Agreement and the Guarantee issued hereunder.

[TABLE] 9.3. | Debt Transfer

[TABLE] 10. | APPLICABLE LAW

[TABLE] 11. | DISPUTE SETTLEMENT

[TABLE] (a) | If any dispute arises in connection with this Agreement, including, but not limited to, any dispute concerning its provisions, existence, validity or termination, such dispute shall be subject to pre-trial settlement by sending a respective claim by either Party to the other Party. If a Party does not receive an answer to the sent claim and if the dispute is not settled within 10 (ten) Business Days from the date of receipt of the claim by the other Party, such dispute may be referred to court under Sub-Clause (b) below.

[TABLE] (b) | According to the provisions of Sub-Clause (a) above, if any dispute arises in connection with this Agreement, including, but not limited to, any dispute concerning its provisions, existence, validity or termination, such dispute shall be settled by the Moscow Arbitration Court.

[TABLE] 12. | COUNTERPARTS

[TABLE] (a) | KPMG Joint-Stock Company, Deloitte CIS Holdings Limited, PricewaterhouseCoopers Consulting LLC, or Ernst & Young Global Limited for the financial statements of the Group and its members prepared under IFRS; and

[TABLE] (b) | any company listed in Clause (a) above, Moore Stephens LLC, FinExpertiza LLC, BDO CJSC, FBK LLC, and 2K—Business Consulting CJSC, and any other audit firm approved by the Majority of the Lenders for the financial statements of members of the Group prepared under any Applicable Accounting Standards other than IFRS.

[TABLE] (a) | the recommendations contained in the documents published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in December 2010: “Basel III: A Global Regulatory Framework for More Resilient Banks and Banking Systems”, “Basel III: International framework for liquidity risk measurement, standards and monitoring” and “Guidance for national authorities operating the countercyclical capital buffer”, as amended;

[TABLE] (b) | such recommendations for global systemically important banks as contained in a document published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in November 2011 “Global systemically important banks: Assessment methodology and the additional loss absorbency requirement. Consultative Document”, as amended; and

[TABLE] (c) | any other documents, explanations or standards published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision with respect of Basel III.

[TABLE] (a) | in a period up to the Settlement Date, the Lenders whose Loan Limits together amount to 75 (seventy-five) percent or more of the Aggregate Loan Limit;

[TABLE] (b) | if there is no Outstanding Loan and the Aggregate Loan Limit has been reduced to zero, the Lenders whose Loan Limits together amount to 75 (seventy-five) percent or more of the Aggregate Loan Limit immediately prior to the date of such reduction; or

[TABLE] (c) | in any other period of time, the Lenders whose participation in the Outstanding Loan, their Unused Loan Limit and the Amount to be provided together amount to 75 (seventy-five) percent or more of the total amount of the Outstanding Loan, the Aggregate Unused Loan Limit and the Amount to be granted by all Lenders.

[TABLE] (a) | the Borrower’s Pledge Agreement;

[TABLE] (b) | the Headhunter’s Pledge Agreement;

[TABLE] (c) | the Headhunter FSU’s Pledge Agreement;

[TABLE] (d) | the Zemenik Trading’s Pledge Agreement;

[TABLE] (e) | each Supplementary Pledge Agreement.

[TABLE] (a) | each Pledge Agreement;

[TABLE] (b) | each Independent Guarantee; and

[TABLE] (c) | each Supplementary Guarantee.

[TABLE] (a) | owns the majority of voting rights in such legal entity; or

[TABLE] (b) | has an equity participation and may appoint or dismiss the majority of members of the executive body of such legal entity; or

[TABLE] (c) | is entitled to exert a dominant influence on such legal entity by virtue of the provisions contained in the constituent documents of such legal entity or in a management agreement; or

[TABLE] (d) | is a member (shareholder) of such legal entity and independently or jointly (with other members) controls the majority of votes in this legal entity; or

[TABLE] (e) | controls such legal entity,

[TABLE] (a) | with respect to each Interest Period, a key rate established by the Central Bank of the Russian Federation and effective as of each day of the Interest Period; and

[TABLE] (b) | with respect to any other period, a key rate established by the Central Bank of the Russian Federation effective as of each day of such period

[TABLE] (a) | before deduction of any amounts related to financial expenses;

[TABLE] (b) | without taking into account any amounts related to the interest to be received by any member of the Group;

[TABLE] (c) | after deducting profits or adding losses of any member of the Group relating to non-controlling participatory interests;

[TABLE] (d) | without taking into account positive or negative unrealized exchange rate differences;

[TABLE] (e) | without taking into account gains or losses arising out of a revaluation of any asset or a decrease in the carrying amount of any asset when it is disposed of by any member of the Group;

[TABLE] (f) | without taking into account an expected return on the assets of a pension plan;

[TABLE] (g) | without taking into account any non-monetary gains or losses from the Incentive Plans Based on the Group’s Equity Instruments;

[TABLE] (h) | exclusively for the Settlement Periods ending on June 30, 2016, December 31, 2016, and June 30, 2017, without taking into account the Transaction Costs.

[TABLE] (a) | any amounts related to depreciation and impairment of fixed assets;

[TABLE] (b) | any amounts related to impairment of goodwill;

[TABLE] (c) | any amounts related to depreciation and impairment of other non-fixed assets;

[TABLE] (d) | for the purpose of determining the financial indicators specified in Clause (a) of Article 9.2 (Margin Adjustment), advertising costs incurred in 2016 in an amount of up to RUB 200,000,000.

[TABLE] (a) | any member of the Group or its adviser; or

[TABLE] (b) | another Party to the Financing or its adviser if the information has been received by such a Party to the Financing from any member of the Group or its adviser,

[TABLE] (i) | is or becomes available to an unrestricted circle of persons other than as a result of a violation of the terms and conditions of Article 28 (Confidentiality) by a Party to the Financing; or

[TABLE] (ii) | was known to a Party to the Financing prior to a date of disclosure to it or its adviser of such information or has been legally received by a Party to the Financing or its adviser after such date from a source, to the knowledge of such Party to the Financing, not associated with the Group, and that in any case, to the knowledge of such Party to the Financing, was not obtained due to breach of a confidentiality obligation.

[TABLE] (a) | any Original Lender; and (or)

[TABLE] (b) | any banks or other credit or other organizations (except for any person belonging to the Borrower’s Group) which acquire the rights of claim to the Borrower and (or) the obligation to grant the Loan under the provisions of Article 22.2 (Assignment of Rights and Transfer of Obligations by the Lenders) and the current laws.

[TABLE] (a) | with respect to the Original Lender, which the Original Lender shall grant the Borrower as a loan within Tranche A, Tranche B, Tranche C, and Tranche D under the terms and conditions of this Agreement and specified in the table in Appendix 1 (List of Original Lenders and Loan Limits); and

[TABLE] (b) | with respect to any other Lender, which such Lender shall grant the Borrower by virtue of an Original Lender’s transfer to it of the obligation to grant the Loan to the Borrower

[TABLE] (a) | 3.7 (three point seven) percent per annum for any Interest Period starting before the date of Amendment Agreement No. 3; or

[TABLE] (b) | 2.0 (two) percent per annum

[TABLE] (i) | for any Interest Period starting from the date of Amendment Agreement No. 3 or thereafter; or

[TABLE] (ii) | 2.5 (two point five) percent per annum in any cases specified in Article 9.2 (Margin Adjustment).

[TABLE] (a) | the Event of Default; or

[TABLE] (b) | an event or circumstance specified in Article 21 (Events of Default) which shall hereunder become the Event of Default if (1) any period established by this Agreement for elimination of any violation expires, (2) any notice is sent, or (3) a respective resolution under the Financial Documents is adopted.

[TABLE] (a) | a cash amount already provided to the Borrower by this Lender, and

[TABLE] (b) | the Amount to be Granted by this Lender.

[TABLE] (a) | the audited financial statements of Zemenik Trading for the year 2015;

[TABLE] (b) | the annual statements of Headhunter for the year 2015 prepared under RAS; and

[TABLE] (c) | the management statements of HeadHunter FSU as of December 31, 2015, prepared under the accounting policy of the Group for management accounting.

[TABLE] (a) | consideration by provision of the Group’s Equity Instruments; or

[TABLE] (b) | consideration by cash payments or provision of other assets, provided that an amount of this consideration is determined on the basis of and (or) depends on the value of the Group’s Equity Instruments.

[TABLE] (a) | as of the end of a fiscal year or a fiscal half a year, in accordance with such Group’s financial statements for the relevant fiscal year or fiscal half a year (respectively) as prepared in accordance with IFRS and provided to the Credit Agent under Clause (a) or (b) of Article 17.1 (Financial Statements); or

[TABLE] (b) | as of the end of the first or third financial quarter, based on such respective management statements of the Group as provided to the Credit Agent under Clause (c) of Article 17.1 (Financial Statements).

[TABLE] (a) | a Russian legal entity, or

[TABLE] (b) | a resident of the Contracting State to the Double Taxation Agreement, provided that the status of such Lender shall, at the request of the Debtor, be proved by a copy of a document issued by a competent tax authority of the Contracting State to the Double Taxation Agreement and certifying that the Lender is a taxable resident of this Contracting State to the Double Taxation Agreement; such copy shall be translated into Russian.

[TABLE] (a) | for the purposes of determination of the extent of the Lender’s participation in granting of the Loan against any Disbursement Request, the ratio between the Unused Loan Limit of such Lender and the Aggregate Unused Loan Limit.

[TABLE] (b) | for any other purposes:

[TABLE] (i) | in the absence of the Outstanding Loan, the ratio between the Loan Limit of a separate Lender and the Aggregate Loan Limit, or

[TABLE] (ii) | in case of the Outstanding Loan, the ratio between the Outstanding Loan granted to the Borrower by a separate Lender, together with the Amount to be Granted by this Lender, and the Outstanding Loan granted to the Borrower by all Lenders, together with the Amount to be Granted by all Lenders.

[TABLE] (a) | such actions result in no risk of termination or contestation of the Security Agreements;

[TABLE] (b) | transfer of title to such participatory interests and shares, respectively, takes place taking into account the existing pledge in favor of the Lenders;

[TABLE] (c) | all agreements and other documents necessary for transfer of title to such participatory interests in Headhunter from Headhunter FSU to the Borrower are agreed with the Credit Agent in advance;

[TABLE] (d) | the composition of the Borrower’s members does not change; and

[TABLE] (e) | any documents and information related to these actions are provided within 5 (five) Business Days after the receipt of a reasonable request of the Credit Agent.

[TABLE] (a) | arising under the terms and conditions of the Financial Documents or authorized by the Financial Documents;

[TABLE] (b) | of a member of the Group that exists on the date of this Agreement, as specified in Appendix 7 (Existing Financial Indebtedness);

[TABLE] (c) | of members of the Group, for which the procedure and priority of claims are regulated by the Intercreditor Agreement;

[TABLE] (d) | of Zemenik Trading to its shareholders, for which the procedure and priority of claims are regulated by the Intercreditor Agreement;

[TABLE] (e) | of Zemenik Trading within the loans from Highworld and ELQ Investors granted on April 27, 2016, in an amount not exceeding in aggregate RUB 4,000,000,000 (four billion Rubles) for the purposes of payment of a purchase price by Zemenik Trading to the Seller for 100 (one hundred) percent of shares in the authorized capital of Headhunter FSU under Sale and Purchase Agreement 1;

[TABLE] (f) | of the Borrower to any Guarantor;

[TABLE] (g) | of the Guarantor to another Guarantor or the Borrower; and

[TABLE] (h) | of Group’s members to third parties for loans and borrowings in a total amount not exceeding 10 (ten) percent of the Consolidated EBITDA.

[TABLE] (a) | any payments made by a member of the Group to the Borrower or the Guarantor;

[TABLE] (b) | any payments made by any Debtor to another Debtor;

[TABLE] (c) | payment of an allocated profit by any member of the Group to Zemenik Trading’s shareholders (inter alia, as the Permitted Redemption), subject to the requirements of Article 19.12 (Payment of Dividends and Redemption of Shares / Participatory Interests);

[TABLE] (d) | payment to another member of the Group or Zemenik Trading’s shareholders, of funds received by any member of the Group from sale of shares / participatory interests in another member of the Group that is not the Debtor, provided that after such payment the Debt Ratio does not change (subject to the provisions of Clause (e) of Article 19.3 (Asset Disposal));

[TABLE] (e) | payment of funds by a member of the Group to another member of the Group in an amount not exceeding RUB 300,000,000 within three months from the Disbursement Date of Tranche A, as well as a subsequent payment of such funds by Zemenik Trading to Zemenik Trading’s shareholders;

[TABLE] (f) | making payments by Zemenik Trading to the Seller under Sale and Purchase Agreement 1 in an amount not exceeding RUB 5,000,000,000 (five billion Rubles) within three months from the date hereof; and

[TABLE] (g) | making the following payments by Zemenik Trading within 5 (five) Business Days after the Disbursement Date of Tranche A:

[TABLE] (i) | payment to Highworld for repayment of the Highworld’s Dollar Loan;

[TABLE] (ii) | payment to Highworld for repayment of the Highworld’s loan granted on April 27, 2016, the funds of which were sent to Zemenik Trading (or according to instructions of and on behalf of Zemenik Trading) for payment to the Seller of a part of the purchase price for 100 (one hundred) percent shares in the authorized capital of Headhunter FSU under Sale and Purchase Agreement 1; and

[TABLE] (iii) | payment to ELQ Investors for repayment of the ELQ Investors’ loan granted on April 27, 2016, the funds of which were sent to Zemenik Trading (or according to instructions of and on behalf of Zemenik Trading) for payment to the Seller of a part of the purchase price for 100 (one hundred) percent shares in the authorized capital of Headhunter FSU under Sale and Purchase Agreement 1.

[TABLE] (h) | making the following payments within 5 (five) Business Days after the Disbursement Date of Tranche B:

[TABLE] (i) | payment of an amount (not exceeding the amount of Tranche B) by the Borrower to Zemenik Trading under Sale and Purchase Agreement 2; and

[TABLE] (ii) | payment of an amount received from the Borrower under Sale and Purchase Agreement 2, to ELQ Investors and Highworld for repayment of loans granted by ELQ Investors and Highworld to Zemenik Trading prior to the date of this Agreement; and

[TABLE] (iii) | payment of any fees binding by virtue of the applicable laws, to any shareholders not being members of the Group or members of legal entities being members of the Group if such shareholder or member withdraws from the legal entity,

[TABLE] (a) | if such participatory interests or shares are a subject-matter of the Pledge Agreement, such participatory interests or shares will continue to be pledged, regardless of the repurchase;

[TABLE] (b) | such member of the Group complies with all applicable legal requirements for such redemption, including requirements for the amount of the authorized capital of such member of the Group; and

[TABLE] (c) | repurchased shares or participatory interests are to be repaid within a period established by the applicable laws.

[TABLE] (a) | granted by members of the Group prior to the date of this Agreement and listed in Appendix 11 (List of Existing Loans);

[TABLE] (b) | granted by any Debtor to another Debtor;

[TABLE] (c) | granted by any member of the Group to the Debtor under loan agreements, for which the procedure and priority of claims are regulated by the Intercreditor Agreement;

[TABLE] (d) | granted by any member of the Group which is not the Debtor, to another member of the Group which is not the Debtor;

[TABLE] (e) | granted in aggregate by any member of the Group to third parties in a total principal amount not exceeding 5 (five) percent of the Consolidated EBITDA at any time; and

[TABLE] (f) | granted by the shareholders of Zemenik Trading on April 27, 2016, in an aggregate amount not exceeding RUB 4,000,000,000 (four billion Rubles), which funds were transferred to Zemenik Trading (or according to instructions of and on behalf of Zemenik Trading) for payment to the Seller of a part of the purchase price for 100 (one hundred) percent of shares in the authorized capital of Headhunter FSU under Sale and Purchase Agreement 1.

[TABLE] (a) | the financial condition of the Group in general;

[TABLE] (b) | the ability of the Debtors to fulfill their obligations under any Financial Document;

[TABLE] (c) | the validity or priority of the security that is, or should be, granted under any Financial Document or the possibility of enforcement of such collateral; or

[TABLE] (d) | the validity of the Financial Documents or the possibility of exercising such rights of the Parties to the Financing as provided by each respective Financial Document.

[TABLE] (a) | Lease Agreement No. 3706 dated March 1, 2013;

[TABLE] (b) | Lease Agreement No. 4480 dated September 16, 2015; and

[TABLE] (c) | Lease Agreement No. 4735 dated May 4, 2016.

[TABLE] (a) | such a significant malfunction (as occurred for reasons beyond the control of any of the Parties) in those payment systems or communication systems or in those financial markets whose operation in each case is necessary for making payments (or other transactions to be performed) in accordance with the transactions provided for by the Financial Documents; or

[TABLE] (b) | occurrence of any other event that entails such a (technical or systemic) failure in the cash or settlement transactions of any Party which prevents this or any other Party from:

[TABLE] (i) | fulfillment of its payment obligations under the Financial Documents; or

[TABLE] (ii) | communication with other Parties under the Financial Documents and that was not caused by a Party whose operations were disrupted and which occurred for any reasons beyond the control of that Party.

[TABLE] (a) | receiving cash as a loan;

[TABLE] (b) | obtaining a commodity loan, a commercial loan for a period of more than 30 (thirty) days, or issuing an uncovered letter of credit if such debt is classified as a “financial indebtedness” in accordance with IFRS;

[TABLE] (c) | issuing bonds, notes and any other debt instruments;

[TABLE] (d) | concluding a financial lease agreement;

[TABLE] (e) | making transactions with derivative financial instruments in order to get protection against or benefit from fluctuations in any exchange rates, interest rates or prices, and the amount of the transaction with such derivative financial instruments shall be calculated on the basis of market indicators at each time;

[TABLE] (f) | making repo transactions or any other transaction that is a borrowing in accordance with IFRS;

[TABLE] (g) | assuming the obligation to recover losses or expenses incurred by persons not belonging to the Group;

[TABLE] (h) | entering into the Incentive Plans Based on the Group’s Equity Instruments; or

[TABLE] (i) | making transactions providing for the assumption of any obligations: (A) of suretyship or guarantee for performance of any obligations by any persons not belonging to the Group; or (B) of reimbursement to a guarantor, surety under suretyship for any amounts under the guarantee, suretyship; or (C) of liability with respect to the right of subrogation claims against any purchaser of a traded or discounted receivable,

[TABLE] (a) | this Agreement;

[TABLE] (b) | each Security Agreement;

[TABLE] (c) | each Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement;

[TABLE] (d) | each Supplementary Guarantee Issue Agreement;

[TABLE] (e) | the Intercreditor Agreement;

[TABLE] (f) | each Lender’s Assignment Agreement;

[TABLE] (g) | each Disbursement Request;

[TABLE] (h) | any other document which the Credit Agent and the Borrower have agreed in writing to consider as the Financial Document; or

[TABLE] (i) | each Document Related to the Reorganization.

[TABLE] Signature: | /signature/ | Seal:

[TABLE] [ZEMENIK TRADING LIMITED]

[TABLE] Full name: | Katerina Losif

[TABLE] Position: | Director

[TABLE] Witness: | /signature/

[TABLE] Marina Koskiri

[TABLE] Signature: | /signature/

[TABLE] Full name: | Karen Eduardovich Agayan

[TABLE] Position: | General Director

[TABLE] Signature: | /signature/

[TABLE] Full name: | Vitaly Nikolaevich Buzoverya

[TABLE] Position: | Attorney-in-Fact

[TABLE] (1) | ZEMENIK TRADING LIMITED, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Cyprus, registration number HE 332806, address (location) of the legal entity: 42 Dositheou, Strovolos 2028, Nicosia, Cyprus, as the guarantor under the Guarantee and the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement (the “Guarantor”)

[TABLE] (2) | to BANK VTB (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY), a public joint-stock company incorporated under the laws of the Russian Federation, registered in the Unified State Register of Legal Entities (EGRUL) under number (Primary State Registration Number (OGRN)): 1027739609391, with its office at the address: 29, Bolshaya Morskaya St., Saint Petersburg, Russia, 190000, as the beneficiary under the Guarantee and the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement (the “Original Lender” and the “Credit Agent”).

[TABLE] (A) | The Original Lender as a credit agent, organizer and original lender and the Borrower as a borrower have entered into the Syndicated Loan Agreement dated May 16, 2016, (the “Loan Agreement”) as amended by Amendment Agreement No. 1 dated December 14, 2016, Amendment Agreement No. 2 dated June 28, 2017, and Amendment Agreement No. 3 dated October 5, 2017, (hereinafter referred to as “Amendment Agreement No. 3”) by which the Lender and the Borrower agreed to amend the Loan Agreement, inter alia, to increase a loan amount up to RUB 7,000,000,000 (seven billion Rubles).

[TABLE] (B) | The Guarantor, the Borrower and the Original Lender entered into the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement dated June 1, 2016, as amended by Amendment Agreement No. 1 dated June 28, 2017 (the “Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement”), and the Guarantor issued an independent guarantee dated June 1, 2016, (the “Guarantee”) in favor of the Original Lender under the Guarantee Issue Agreement to ensure performance of the Borrower’s obligations under the Loan Agreement.

[TABLE] (C) | The Guarantor hereby confirms that it is aware of all the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement as amended by Amendment Agreement No. 3 and does not have the right to invoke the fact that it was not aware of such terms and conditions.

[TABLE] (D) | The Parties entered into an agreement to make amendments No. 2 to the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement dated October 5, 2017, under which the Guarantor undertakes to amend the Guarantee as specified in this Amendment to ensure the fulfillment of the Borrower’s obligations under the Loan Agreement as amended by Amendment Agreement No. 3.

[TABLE] 1. | DEFINITIONS

[TABLE] 1.1. | Terms

[TABLE] 1.2. | Embedded Terms

[TABLE] 1.3. | Purpose

[TABLE] 2. | AMENDMENTS

[TABLE] 3. | LIMITATIONS

[TABLE] (a) | In order to comply with the provisions of Article 371 of the Civil Code, the Guarantee shall be deemed amended in accordance with this Amendment only if the Guarantor obtains the consent of the Original Lender to make amendments in accordance with this Amendment.

[TABLE] (b) | Any amendments to the Guarantee hereunder shall be limited to the amendments specified in Article 2 (Amendments). No other provisions of the Guarantee (except for those specified in Article 2 (Amendments)) shall be amended hereby.

[TABLE] (c) | This Amendment does not relieve the Guarantor of any obligations under the Guarantee.

[TABLE] 4. | APPLICABLE LAW

[TABLE] 5. | DISPUTE SETTLEMENT

[TABLE] (a) | If any dispute, inter alia, concerning their provisions, existence, validity or termination, arises in connection with this Amendment, such dispute shall be subject to pre-trial settlement by sending a respective claim by either Party to the other Party. If a Party does not receive an answer to the sent claim and if the dispute is not settled within 10 (ten) Business Days from the date of receipt of the claim by the other Party, such dispute may be referred to court under Sub-Clause (b) below.

[TABLE] (b) | According to the provisions of Sub-Clause (a) above, if any dispute arises in connection with this Amendment, including, but not limited to, any dispute concerning their provisions, existence, validity or termination, such dispute shall be settled by the Moscow Arbitrazh Court.

[TABLE] 6. | EXECUTION

[TABLE] (A) | One of the conditions for granting a loan under the Loan Agreement to the Borrower is the conclusion of a guarantee issue agreement (hereinafter referred to as the “Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement”) concluded on May 16, 2016, between the Guarantor as the guarantor, the Borrower as the principal and the Original Lender as the beneficiary and the issue of this Guarantee.

[TABLE] (B) | In accordance with the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement, the Guarantor shall issue this Guarantee on the terms and conditions set forth in the Independent Guarantee Issue Agreement and this Guarantee.

[TABLE] 1. | DEFINITIONS

[TABLE] (a) | any Original Lender; and (or)

[TABLE] (b) | any banks or other credit or other organizations (except for any person belonging to the Borrower’s Group) which acquire the rights of claim to the Borrower and (or) the obligation to grant the Loan under the provisions of Article 22.2 (Assignment of Rights and Transfer of Obligations by the Lenders) of the Loan Agreement and the current laws.

[TABLE] (a) | payment of an aggregate principal of the Loan not exceeding RUB 7,000,000,000 (Seven billion Rubles) to be finally repaid within 1,825 (One thousand eight hundred and twenty-five) calendar days from the date of Amendment Agreement No. 3 in the manner established by Article 7 (Loan Repayment) of the Loan Agreement (inter alia, in case of a mandatory early repayment provided for by the Loan Agreement);

[TABLE] (b) | payment of interest due under Article 9 (Interest) of the Loan Agreement at an annual interest rate equal to:

[TABLE] (i) | a margin of:

[TABLE] (A) | 3.7 (three point seven) percent per annum for any Interest Period starting before the date of Amendment Agreement No. 3; or

[TABLE] (B) | 2.0 (two) percent per annum

[TABLE] (1) | for any Interest Period starting from the date of Amendment Agreement No. 3 or thereafter; or

[TABLE] (2) | 2.5 (two point five) percent per annum in any cases specified in Article 9.2 (Margin Adjustment) of the Loan Agreement; and

[TABLE] (ii) | the Key Interest Rate;

[TABLE] (c) | payment of a penalty according to Article 9.4 (Penalty) of the Loan Agreement due if the Borrower fails to timely fulfill an obligation of payment of any amount due under the Financial Document; such penalty being 2/365 interest rate established under Article 9.1 (Interest Calculation) of the Loan Agreement taking into account

[TABLE] the provisions of Article 9.2 (Margin Adjustment) of the Loan Agreement, of an overdue debt of the Outstanding Loan for each day of delay. A penalty is calculated on an overdue amount during a period from a date following an established maturity date to a date of actual payment (prior to or after delivery of a judgment);

[TABLE] (d) | payment of reimbursement for funds available for granting the Loan under Article 11.1 (Fee for the Obligation under the Agreement) of the Loan Agreement, which amount shall be calculated as follows:

[TABLE] (i) | at the rate of 0.15 (zero point one five) percent per annum of an amount of the Unused Loan Limit within Tranche A (without deduction of an amount to be granted);

[TABLE] (ii) | at the rate of 0.5 (zero point five) percent per annum of an amount of the Unused Loan Limit within Tranche B (without deduction of an amount to be granted),

[TABLE] (iii) | in respect of the Unused Loan Limited of Tranche A, on the last day of the Disbursement Period of Tranche A or on the Disbursement Date of Tranche A, whichever occurs first;

[TABLE] (iv) | in respect of the Unused Loan Limit of Tranche B, on the last Business Day of each calendar month within the Disbursement Period of Tranche B or on the last day of the Disbursement Period of Tranche B, whichever occurs first.

[TABLE] (e) | payment of a Lenders’ consideration for granting the Loan under Article 11.2 (Loan Extension Fee) of the Loan Agreement which amounts to:

[TABLE] (i) | 1.5 (one point five) percent of Tranche A;

[TABLE] (ii) | 1.5 (one point five) percent of Tranche B;

[TABLE] (iii) | 0.25 (zero point two five) percent of Tranche C; and

[TABLE] (iv) | 0.25 (zero point two five) percent of Tranche D

[TABLE] (f) | reimbursement to the Parties to the Financing for any costs or losses to be reimbursed under Articles 14.1 (Reimbursement for Currency Costs), 14.3 (Reimbursement for Costs of the Credit Agent) and 14.4 (Transaction-Related Costs), 14.5 (Amendment Costs) of the Loan Agreement.

[TABLE] (g) | reimbursement to the Parties to the Financing for any documented costs (including fees of any legal and other advisers) incurred by a Party to the Financing because of a mandatory performance of any Financial Document or protection of its rights under the Financial Documents.

[TABLE] (h) | reimbursement to the Parties to the Financing for any expenses under Article 14.2 (Reimbursement for Other Costs) of the Loan Agreement incurred by a Party to the Financing as a result of:

[TABLE] (i) | occurrence of the Event of Default;

[TABLE] (ii) | impossibility to grant the Loan to the Borrower against the Disbursement Request pursuant to any provisions of the Loan Agreement; or

[TABLE] (iii) | Borrower’s inability to early repay the Outstanding Loan or a part thereof, in spite of an early repayment notice submitted to the Credit Agent.

[TABLE] (i) | payment of any other amounts due under the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement;

[TABLE] (j) | full return of any funds obtained by the Borrower if the Loan Agreement is not valid, and payment of such interest for an illegal use of the funds and/or for use of third parties’ funds as accrued under the applicable laws, as well as reimbursement for any losses (except for lost profit) incurred as a result of an illegal use of such funds.

[TABLE] 2. | INDEPENDENT GUARANTEE

[TABLE] 3. | PAYMENT CLAIM

[TABLE] 4. | VALIDITY TERM

[TABLE] 5. | CLAIM ASSIGNMENT AND DEBT TRANSFER

[TABLE] 5.1. | Claim Assignment and Debt Transfer

[TABLE] 5.2. | Transfer of Rights by the Lenders

[TABLE] (a) | The Original Lender may, without the consent of the Guarantor and the Borrower, assign all or part of its rights (claims) under this Guarantee to any person to whom it has assigned its rights under the Loan Agreement. The Guarantor hereby expresses its consent to such assignment and shall be liable to any person to whom the Lender has assigned its rights under the Loan Agreement.

[TABLE] (b) | If the Original Lender assigns its rights (claims) under Clause (a) above, the Lenders that have wholly or partially assigned the rights (claims) under this Guarantee become beneficiaries hereunder.

[TABLE] 5.3. | Debt Transfer

[TABLE] 6. | CHANGE IN THE SECURED OBLIGATIONS

[TABLE] 7. | APPLICABLE LAW

[TABLE] 8. | DISPUTE SETTLEMENT

[TABLE] (a) | If any dispute arises in connection with this Guarantee, including, but not limited to, any dispute concerning its provisions, existence, validity or termination, such dispute shall be subject to pre-trial settlement by sending a respective claim by either Party to the other Party. If a Party does not receive an answer to the sent claim and if the dispute is not settled within 10 (ten) Business Days from the date of receipt of the claim by the other Party, such dispute may be referred to court under Clause (b) below.

[TABLE] (b) | According to the provisions of Clause (a) above, if any dispute arises in connection with this Agreement, including, but not limited to, any dispute concerning its provisions, existence, validity or termination, such dispute shall be settled by the Moscow Arbitration Court.

[TABLE] 9. | COUNTERPARTS

[TABLE] Company | Address, Fax and E-mail | Address, Fax and E-mail | Address, Fax and E-mail

[TABLE] Guarantor

[TABLE] ZEMENIK TRADING
LIMITED | Address: | 42 Dositheou, Strovolos 2028, Nicosia, Cyprus

[TABLE] ZEMENIK TRADING
LIMITED | Fax: | +35722679096

[TABLE] ZEMENIK TRADING
LIMITED | Email: | info@fiduserve.com

[TABLE] ZEMENIK TRADING
LIMITED | Attn: | The Directors / Stelios Haralambous

[TABLE] Borrower

[TABLE] ZEMENIK LIMITED
LIABILITY COMPANY | Address: | 4 Akademika Ilyushina St., bld. 1, office 54,
Moscow, the Russian Federation, 125319

[TABLE] ZEMENIK LIMITED
LIABILITY COMPANY | Fax: | +7 495 974-64-27

[TABLE] ZEMENIK LIMITED
LIABILITY COMPANY | Email: | karen.agayan@arpartners.ru

[TABLE] ZEMENIK LIMITED
LIABILITY COMPANY | Attn: | Karen Eduardovich Agayan

[TABLE] Original Lender

[TABLE] BANK VTB (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY) | Address: | 43 Vorontsovskaya St., bld. 1, Moscow, 109147

[TABLE] BANK VTB (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY) | Fax: | +7 495 775-54-54

[TABLE] BANK VTB (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY) | Email: | loanadmin@msk.vtb.ru,TM21@msk.vtb.ru

[TABLE] BANK VTB (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY) | Attn: | Credit Authority

[TABLE] Signature: | /signature/

[TABLE] Full name: | Katerina Losif

[TABLE] Seal: [ZEMENIK TRADING LIMITED]

[TABLE] Position: | Director

[TABLE] Witness: | /signature/

[TABLE] Marina Kastari

[TABLE] Signature: | /signature/

[TABLE] Full name: | Vitaly Nikolaevich Buzoverya

[TABLE] Position: | Attorney-in-Fact

[TABLE] Signature: | /signature/

[TABLE] Full name: | Karen Eduardovich Agayan

[TABLE] Position: | General Director

[TABLE] Clause | Page | Page

[TABLE] 1. | INTERPRETATION | 1

[TABLE] 2. | CREATION OF SECURITY | 3

[TABLE] 3. | REPRESENTATIONS | 3

[TABLE] 4. | RESTRICTIONS ON DEALINGS | 6

[TABLE] 5. | SHARES | 6

[TABLE] 6. | PRESERVATION OF SECURITY | 8

[TABLE] 7. | WHEN SECURITY BECOMES ENFORCEABLE | 11

[TABLE] 8. | ENFORCEMENT OF SECURITY | 11

[TABLE] 9. | RECEIVER | 13

[TABLE] 10. | POWERS OF RECEIVER | 14

[TABLE] 11. | APPLICATION OF PROCEEDS | 16

[TABLE] 12. | EXPENSES AND INDEMNITY | 16

[TABLE] 13. | DELEGATION | 16

[TABLE] 14. | FURTHER ASSURANCES | 17

[TABLE] 15. | POWER OF ATTORNEY | 17

[TABLE] 16. | MISCELLANEOUS | 17

[TABLE] 17. | RELEASE | 18

[TABLE] 18. | CHANGES TO THE PARTIES | 18

[TABLE] 19. | EVIDENCE AND CALCULATIONS | 19

[TABLE] 20. | NOTICES | 19

[TABLE] 21. | SEVERABILITY | 20

[TABLE] 22. | WAIVERS AND REMEDIES CUMULATIVE | 20

[TABLE] 23. | COUNTERPARTS | 20

[TABLE] 24. | GOVERNING LAW | 20

[TABLE] 25. | ENFORCEMENT | 21

[TABLE] SCHEDULE 1 | SCHEDULE 1 | SCHEDULE 1 | 22

[TABLE] INSTRUMENT OF TRANSFER | INSTRUMENT OF TRANSFER | INSTRUMENT OF TRANSFER

[TABLE] SCHEDULE 2 | SCHEDULE 2 | SCHEDULE 2 | 23

[TABLE] IRREVOCABLE PROXY AND POWER OF ATTORNEY | IRREVOCABLE PROXY AND POWER OF ATTORNEY | IRREVOCABLE PROXY AND POWER OF ATTORNEY

[TABLE] SCHEDULE 3 | SCHEDULE 3 | SCHEDULE 3 | 25

[TABLE] LETTER OF RESIGNATION | LETTER OF RESIGNATION | LETTER OF RESIGNATION

[TABLE] SCHEDULE 4 | SCHEDULE 4 | SCHEDULE 4 | 26

[TABLE] LETTER OF AUTHORITY AND UNDERTAKING | LETTER OF AUTHORITY AND UNDERTAKING | LETTER OF AUTHORITY AND UNDERTAKING

[TABLE] SCHEDULE 5 | SCHEDULE 5 | SCHEDULE 5 | 27

[TABLE] NOTICE OF PLEDGE | NOTICE OF PLEDGE | NOTICE OF PLEDGE

[TABLE] SCHEDULE 6 | 28

[TABLE] SECRETARY’S CERTIFICATE | SECRETARY’S CERTIFICATE | SECRETARY’S CERTIFICATE

[TABLE] SCHEDULE 7 | 30

[TABLE] BOARD RESOLUTION HEADHUNTER FSU LIMITED | BOARD RESOLUTION HEADHUNTER FSU LIMITED | BOARD RESOLUTION HEADHUNTER FSU LIMITED

[TABLE] SCHEDULE 8 | 31

[TABLE] (1) | LLC ZEMENIK, a company incorporated in the Russian Federation with registration number 1167746153860, whose registered address is at office 54, Akademika Iljushina Street 4, block 1, Moscow, Russian Federation (the “Pledgor”); and

[TABLE] (2) | JSC VTB BANK, a bank organised under the laws of the Russian Federation under primary state registration number 1027739609391, whose registered office is at Ul. Bolshaya Morskaya, 29, St. Petersburg 190000, Russian Federation (the “Pledgee”).

[TABLE] (A) | The Pledgor is the owner of 100% of the issued share capital of the Company (as defined below).

[TABLE] (B) | The Pledgor enters into this Deed in connection with the Facility Agreement (as defined below).

[TABLE] 1. | INTERPRETATION

[TABLE] 1.1 | Definitions

[TABLE] 1.2 | Construction

[TABLE] (a) | In this Deed and any certificate or other document delivered pursuant hereto, unless otherwise expressly provided herein or therein or unless the context requires another meaning, capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings specified in the Facility Agreement, by reference or otherwise (and each such term is thereby incorporated by reference herein for such use). To the extent such terms are defined by reference to another agreement or document, such terms shall continue to have their original definitions despite any termination, expiration or amendment of such agreement or document, unless the parties agree otherwise in writing.

[TABLE] (b) | In this Deed, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to:

[TABLE] (i) | an “amendment” includes a supplement, novation, restatement or re-enactment and “amended will be construed accordingly;

[TABLE] (ii) | “assets” includes present and future properties, revenues and rights of every description;

[TABLE] (iii) | an “authorisation” includes an authorisation, consent, approval, resolution, licence, exemption, filing, registration or notarisation;

[TABLE] (iv) | “disposal” means a sale, transfer, grant, lease or other disposal, whether voluntary or involuntary, and “dispose” will be construed accordingly;

[TABLE] (v) | a “person” includes any individual, company, corporation, unincorporated association or body (including a partnership, trust, joint venture or consortium), government, state, agency, organisation or other entity whether or not having separate legal personality;

[TABLE] (vi) | a provision of law is a reference to that provision as extended, applied, amended or re-enacted and includes any subordinate legislation;

[TABLE] (vii) | a Clause, a Subclause or a Schedule is a reference to a clause or subclause of, or a schedule to, this Agreement; and (viii) a Party or any other person includes its successors in title, permitted assigns and permitted transferees.

[TABLE] (c) | Where the context so admits, the singular includes the plural and vice versa.

[TABLE] (d) | A reference to a Security Document or other document or security includes (without prejudice to any prohibition on amendments) any amendment however fundamental to that Security Document or other document or security, including any change in the purpose of, any extension or any increase in the amount of a facility or any additional facility.

[TABLE] (e) | Any covenant of the Pledgor under this Deed (other than a payment obligation) remains in force during the Security Period.

[TABLE] (f) | If the Pledgee reasonably considers that an amount paid to it under this Deed is capable of being avoided or otherwise set aside on the liquidation or administration of the payer or otherwise, then that amount will not be considered to have been irrevocably paid for the purposes of this Deed.

[TABLE] (g) | Unless the context otherwise requires, a reference to a Security Asset includes the proceeds of sale of that Security Asset.

[TABLE] 2. | CREATION OF SECURITY

[TABLE] 2.1 | General

[TABLE] (i) | is created in favour of the Pledgee; and

[TABLE] (ii) | is continuing security for the payment, discharge and performance of all the Secured Liabilities.

[TABLE] 2.2 | Security

[TABLE] (a) | as a registered holder of the Shares, pledges to the Pledgee the Share Certificates; and

[TABLE] (b) | mortgages (by way of equitable mortgage), charges, transfers, assigns, deposits and sets over to the Pledgee all the Shares and all Related Rights.

[TABLE] 3. | REPRESENTATIONS

[TABLE] 3.1 | Representations

[TABLE] 3.2 | Status

[TABLE] (a) | It is a company, duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation.

[TABLE] (b) | It is not in liquidation and no winding-up, liquidation or similar proceedings are current, pending or threatened against it.

[TABLE] 3.3 | Powers and authorities

[TABLE] 3.4 | Legal validity

[TABLE] 3.5 | Non-conflict

[TABLE] (a) | any law or regulation applicable to it; or

[TABLE] (b) | its constitutional documents; or

[TABLE] (c) | any document which is binding upon it or any of its assets.

[TABLE] 3.6 | Authorisations

[TABLE] 3.7 | Nature of security

[TABLE] 3.8 | Shares

[TABLE] (a) | The Shares have been duly authorised, validly issued and are fully paid;

[TABLE] (b) | the Shares and the Related Rights are free and clear of any Security Interests and are not subject to any charging pursuant to the Charging Order Law 1992 (Law 31(I)/92);

[TABLE] (c) | the Shares represent 100% of the issued share capital of the Company and there are no other equity or ownership interests in the Company, options or rights to acquire or subscribe for any such interests or securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for any such interests;

[TABLE] (d) | no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings are current or pending or, to its knowledge, threatened, involving or affecting the Security Assets, and none of the Security Assets are subject to any order, writ, injunction, execution or attachment; and

[TABLE] (e) | the Pledgor is the sole registered legal and beneficial owner of, and has the power to transfer and grant a security interest in, the Shares and the Related Rights and the lawful holder of the Share Certificates.

[TABLE] 3.9 | Immunity

[TABLE] (a) | The execution by it of this Deed constitutes, and the exercise by it of its rights and performance of its obligations under this Deed will constitute, private and commercial acts performed for private and commercial purposes.

[TABLE] (b) | It will not be entitled to claim immunity from suit, execution, attachment or other legal process in any proceedings taken in its jurisdiction of incorporation in relation to this Deed.

[TABLE] 3.10 | No adverse consequences

[TABLE] (a) | It is not necessary under the laws of the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Pledgor or the Company:

[TABLE] (i) | in order to enable the Pledgee to enforce its rights under this Deed; or

[TABLE] (ii) | by reason of the execution of any Security Document or the performance by it of its obligations under this Deed, that the Pledgee should be licensed, qualified or otherwise entitled to carry on business in the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Pledgor or the Company.

[TABLE] (b) | The Pledgee is not and will not be deemed to be resident, domiciled or carrying on business in the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Pledgor or the Company by reason only of the execution, performance and/or enforcement of this Deed.

[TABLE] 3.11 | Jurisdiction/governing law

[TABLE] (a) | Its:

[TABLE] (i) | irrevocable submission under this Deed to the jurisdiction of the courts of the Republic of Cyprus;

[TABLE] (ii) | agreement that this Deed is governed by Cyprus law; and

[TABLE] (iii) | agreement not to claim any immunity to which it or its assets may be entitled, are legal, valid and binding under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation; and

[TABLE] (b) | Any judgment obtained in Cyprus in connection with this Deed will be recognised and be enforceable by the courts of its jurisdiction of incorporation.

[TABLE] 3.12 | Times for making representations

[TABLE] (a) | The representations set out in this Deed (including in this Clause) are made on the date of this Deed.

[TABLE] (b) | Unless a representation is expressed to be given at a specific date, each representation under this Deed is deemed to be repeated by the Pledgor during the Security Period on the date of each drawdown, each drawdown request and the first day of each interest period as provided by the Facility Agreement.

[TABLE] (c) | When a representation is repeated, it is applied to the circumstances existing at the time of repetition.

[TABLE] 4. | RESTRICTIONS ON DEALINGS

[TABLE] (a) | create or allow to subsist any Security Interest (other than pursuant to this Deed or the Facility Agreement) on any Security Asset and must at all times warrant and defend the Pledgee’s security interest in the Security Assets against all other Security Interests and claimants;

[TABLE] (b) | sell, transfer, licence, lease, assign or otherwise encumber or dispose of any Security Asset; or

[TABLE] (c) | do, or permit to be done, any act or thing which would or might depreciate, jeopardise or otherwise prejudice the Security Asset or materially diminish the value of any Security Asset or the effectiveness of this Security.

[TABLE] 5. | SHARES

[TABLE] 5.1 | Deposit

[TABLE] (a) | the Share Certificates;

[TABLE] (b) | undated instrument of transfer of the Shares in the form set out in Schedule 1 (Instrument of Transfer), duly executed by the Pledgor as transferor in the presence of one witness, with the details of the transferee to be left blank;

[TABLE] (c) | irrevocable proxy and power of attorney in the form set out in Schedule 2 (Irrevocable Proxy and Power of Attorney), duly executed by the Pledgor;

[TABLE] (d) | undated letters of resignation, in the form set out in Schedule 3 (Letter of Resignation), duly signed by the Directors and the Secretary of the Company;

[TABLE] (e) | a letter of authority and undertaking, in the form set out in Schedule 4 (Letter of Authority and Undertaking), duly signed by the Directors and the Secretary of the Company;

[TABLE] (f) | a written board resolution of the Company, in the form set out in Schedule 7 (Board Resolution), duly passed by the Directors of the Company; and

[TABLE] (g) | an undated confirmation of the Secretary of the Company in the form set out in Schedule 8 (Secretary’s Confirmation).

[TABLE] 5.2 | Memorandum of Pledge

[TABLE] (a) | that a memorandum of pledge is made in the Register of Members of the Company against the Shares; and

[TABLE] (b) | that the Secretary of the Company delivers to the Pledgee a certificate in the form set out in Schedule 6 (Secretary’s Certificate) together with an updated copy of the Register of Members of the Company.

[TABLE] 5.3 | Changes to rights

[TABLE] (a) | in the name of the Company being changed;

[TABLE] (b) | in the rights attaching to any Security Asset being altered;

[TABLE] (c) | further shares in the Company being issued, without the prior written consent of the Pledgee. In the event that such consent is given, the Pledgor must:

[TABLE] (i) | execute and deliver to the Pledgee such further or additional security documents in relation to such further shares; and

[TABLE] (ii) | deliver or procure the delivery to the Pledgee of such other documents (including, those documents referred to in Subclauses 5.1 and 5.2) in relation to those further shares,

[TABLE] (d) | in new Directors, Secretary or other officers of the Company being appointed, without the prior written consent of the Pledgee. In the event that such consent is given, the Pledgor must promptly upon any new Director, Secretary or other officer of the Company being appointed deliver or procure the delivery to the Pledgee of the documents referred to under Subclauses 5.1(d) and (e) for each new Director, Secretary or other officer of the Company.

[TABLE] 5.4 | Calls

[TABLE] (a) | The Pledgor must pay when due all calls, taxes, charges or other payments due and payable in respect of any Security Asset.

[TABLE] (b) | If the Pledgor fails to do so, the Pledgee may pay the calls, taxes, charges or other payments on behalf of the Pledgor. The Pledgor must promptly on request reimburse the Pledgee for any payment made by the Pledgee under this Subclause.

[TABLE] 5.5 | Other obligations in respect of Security Assets

[TABLE] (a) | (i) The Pledgor must comply with all requests for information relating to any Security Asset which is within its knowledge and which it is required to comply with by any law or its constitutional documents. If the Pledgor fails to do so, the Pledgee may elect to provide any information which it may have on behalf of the Pledgor.

[TABLE] (ii) | The Pledgor must promptly supply a copy to the Pledgee of any information referred to in sub-paragraph (i) above.

[TABLE] (b) | The Pledgor must comply with all other conditions and obligations assumed by it in respect of any Security Assets.

[TABLE] (c) | The Pledgee is not obliged to:

[TABLE] (i) | perform any obligation of the Pledgor;

[TABLE] (ii) | make any payment;

[TABLE] (iii) | make any enquiry as to the nature or sufficiency of any payment received by it or the Pledgor; or

[TABLE] (iv) | present or file any claim or take any other action to collect or enforce the payment of any amount to which it may be entitled under this Deed,

[TABLE] 5.6 | Voting rights

[TABLE] (a) | Before this Security becomes enforceable, the Pledgor may continue to exercise and benefit from the voting rights, right to receive dividends and any other distributions in respect of the Security Assets in accordance with the terms provided by the Facility Agreement, powers and other rights in respect of and attaching to the Security Assets.

[TABLE] (b) | After this Security has become enforceable:

[TABLE] (i) | all rights of the Pledgor to exercise voting and other consensual rights with respect to the Security Assets and to receive dividends and other payments in respect of the Security Assets will cease, and all these rights will immediately become vested solely in the Pledgee or its nominees, and the Pledgor grants the Pledgee or its nominees the Pledgor’s irrevocable and unconditional proxy for this purpose;

[TABLE] (ii) | any dividends and other payments in respect of the Security Assets received by the Pledgor will be held in trust for the Pledgee, and the Pledgor will keep all such amounts separate and apart from all other funds and property so as to be capable of identification as the property of the Pledgee and will deliver these amounts at such time as the Pledgee may request to the Pledgee in the identical form received;

[TABLE] (iii) | the Pledgee may exercise (in the name of the Pledgor and without any further consent or authority on the part of the Pledgor) any voting rights and any powers or rights which may be exercised by the legal or beneficial owner of the Shares, any person who is the holder of any Shares or otherwise; and

[TABLE] (iv) | the Pledgee may receive, collect, recover, sue for and if necessary use the name of the Pledgor for the recovery of all dividends or other distributions on all or any of the Shares.

[TABLE] 6. | PRESERVATION OF SECURITY

[TABLE] 6.1 | Continuing security

[TABLE] 6.2 | Reinstatement

[TABLE] (a) | If any discharge (whether in respect of the obligations of the Pledgor or any security for those obligations or otherwise) or arrangement is made in whole or in part on the faith of any payment, security or other disposition which is avoided or must be restored on insolvency, winding-up, liquidation, administration or otherwise without limitation, the liability of the Pledgor under this Deed will continue or be reinstated as if the discharge or arrangement had not occurred.

[TABLE] (b) | The Pledgee may concede or compromise any claim that any payment, security or other disposition is liable to avoidance or restoration.

[TABLE] 6.3 | Waiver of defences

[TABLE] (a) | any time, forbearance, extension or waiver granted to, or composition or compromise with, any person;

[TABLE] (b) | any release of any person under the terms of any composition or arrangement;

[TABLE] (c) | the taking, variation, compromise, exchange, renewal or release of, or refusal or neglect to perfect, take up or enforce, any rights against, or security over assets of, any person;

[TABLE] (d) | any non-presentation or non-observance of any formality or other requirement in respect of any instrument or any failure to realise the full value of any security;

[TABLE] (e) | any incapacity or lack of power, authority or legal personality of or dissolution or change in the members or status of any person;

[TABLE] (f) | any amendment (however fundamental), restatement or novation of a Security Document or any other document, guarantee or security;

[TABLE] (g) | any unenforceability, illegality, invalidity or non-provability of any obligation of any person under any Security Document or any other document, guarantee or security or the failure by any member of the Group to enter into or be bound by any Security Document;

[TABLE] (h) | the acceptance or taking of other guaranties or security for the Secured Liabilities, or the settlement, release or substitution of any guaranty or security or of any endorser or guarantor in respect of the Secured Liabilities; or

[TABLE] (i) | any insolvency or similar proceedings.

[TABLE] 6.4 | Immediate recourse

[TABLE] (a) | The Pledgor waives any right it may have of first requiring the Pledgee (or any trustee or agent on its behalf) to proceed against or enforce any other right or security or claim payment from any person or file any proof or claim in any insolvency, administration, winding-up or liquidation proceedings relative to any Obligor or any other person before claiming from the Pledgor under this Deed.

[TABLE] (b) | This waiver applies irrespective of any law or any provision of a Security Document to the contrary.

[TABLE] 6.5 | Appropriations

[TABLE] (a) | (i) refrain from applying or enforcing any other moneys, security, guarantees or rights held or received by the Pledgee (or any trustee or agent on its behalf) against those amounts; or

[TABLE] (ii) | apply and enforce them in such manner and order as it sees fit (whether against those amounts or otherwise); and

[TABLE] (b) | hold in an interest-bearing suspense account any moneys received from the Pledgor or on account of the Pledgor’s liability under this Deed or any other Security Document, without liability to pay interest on those monies.

[TABLE] 6.6 | Non-competition

[TABLE] (a) | the Security Period has expired; or

[TABLE] (b) | the Pledgee otherwise directs,

[TABLE] (i) | be subrogated to any rights, security or moneys held, received or receivable by the Pledgee (or any trustee or agent on its behalf);

[TABLE] (ii) | be entitled to any right of contribution or indemnity in respect of any payment made or moneys received on account of the Pledgor’s liability under this Clause;

[TABLE] (iii) | claim, rank, prove or vote as a creditor of any Obligor or its estate in competition with the Pledgee (or any trustee or agent on its behalf); or

[TABLE] (iv) | receive, claim or have the benefit of any payment, distribution or security from or on account of any Obligor, or exercise any right of set-off as against any Obligor.

[TABLE] 6.7 | Additional security

[TABLE] (a) | This Deed is in addition to and is not in any way prejudiced by any other security now or subsequently held by the Pledgee.

[TABLE] (b) | No prior security held by the Pledgee over any Security Asset will merge into this Security.

[TABLE] 6.8 | Security held by Pledgor

[TABLE] 7. | WHEN SECURITY BECOMES ENFORCEABLE

[TABLE] 7.1 | Event of Default

[TABLE] 7.2 | Enforcement

[TABLE] 8. | ENFORCEMENT OF SECURITY

[TABLE] 8.1 | General

[TABLE] (a) | The power of sale and any other power conferred by law will be immediately exercisable at any time after this Security has become enforceable and the Pledgee has given prior written notice to the Pledgor of its intention to exercise its power of sale or any other power conferred by law (the “Enforcement Notice”). The Pledgee may start enforcement not earlier than following eight Business Days upon receipt of the Enforcement Notice by the Pledgor.

[TABLE] (b) | The Pledgee may sell all or any part of the Shares (whether by public offer or private contract) to any person, including (but not limited to) to itself or any person affiliated, associated or otherwise connected to the Pledgee, subject to Clauses 8.1(i)—(k) below (whether comprising cash, debentures or other obligations, shares or other valuable consideration of any kind and whether payable or deliverable in a lump sum or by instalments) as the Pledgee may in its sole and absolute discretion determine.

[TABLE] (c) | If any of the Shares are sold by the Pledgee upon credit, for future delivery or for deferred consideration, the Pledgee may retain such Shares until the selling price is paid in full by the purchaser. The Pledgee shall not be liable for any failure by the purchaser to pay for any Shares and, in the event of such failure, the Pledgee may resell such Shares to another person.

[TABLE] (d) | Nothing in this Deed shall restrict the Pledgee from proceeding by suit at law or in equity to foreclose this Deed and sell all or any part of the Shares under a judgment or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction, provided the Pledgor has been given due notice of any such action.

[TABLE] (e) | Upon the Pledgee exercising all or any of its rights and powers under this Deed, the Pledgor must promptly procure that the Company registers as owners of the Shares the Pledgee and/or any nominees of the Pledgee or the purchasers of the Shares or otherwise any and all persons entitled to own the Shares as owners of the Shares pursuant to the exercise by the Pledgee of its said rights and powers under this Deed.

[TABLE] (f) | Without limitation to the foregoing provisions of this Clause, the Pledgee shall be entitled but not obliged, in its sole discretion, to use and put into effect all or any of the documents deposited with the Pledgee under Clauses 5.1 and 5.3(c) and (d) in the exercise of any of its rights and powers under this Clause and to register as owners of the Shares the Pledgee and/or any nominees of the Pledgee or the purchasers of the Shares or otherwise any and all persons entitled to own the Shares as owners of the Shares pursuant to the exercise by the Pledgee of its said rights and powers under this Deed.

[TABLE] (g) | The Pledgor hereby waives all rights of redemption, stay or appraisal which the Pledgor has or may have under any rule of law or equity now existing or hereafter adopted.

[TABLE] (h) | Any restriction on the power of sale conferred by law does not apply to this Security.

[TABLE] (i) | The Parties further agree that concurrently with the issuance of the Enforcement Notice, the Pledgee shall engage the Independent Appraiser in order to determine the market value of the Shares (the “Market Value”). The Pledgee shall provide the Pledgor with a copy of the appraisal report stating the Market Value of the Shares prepared by the Independent Appraiser.

[TABLE] (j) | Where the Pledgor has elected to sell the Shares at a public sale, the initial sale price of the Shares at a first public sale shall not be less 80% of the Market Value. If the first public sale is declared not to have been successfully completed due to one of the following reasons: (i) fewer than two potential buyers have participated in the public sale or (ii) none of the potential buyers offered a bid exceeding the initial sale price of the Shares, the Pledgee shall call a second public sale. The second public sale shall be conducted by successively lowering of the initial sale price. At the second public sale the Pledgee will be entitled to reduce the initial sale price of the Shares each time by 5%. If the reduction of the initial sale price equals or exceeds 30%, the sale price may be further reduced each time by 3%. The sale price (the price of realisation of the Shares) at the second public sale shall not be lower than 50% of the initial sale price.

[TABLE] (k) | Where the Pledgor has elected to sell the Shares to a third party by way of private sale, the Shares shall be sold to such third party at a price not less than the Market Value.

[TABLE] (l) | During the time period before the Shares are sold (that cannot be shorter than the time period provided by Clause 8.1(a) above) the Pledgor may discharge the Secured Liabilities that are overdue and stop enforcement of the Shares.

[TABLE] (m) | The Pledgee shall stop enforcement of the Shares if the Company or any Guarantor discharges the Secured Liabilities that are overdue during the time period before the Shares are sold (that cannot be shorter than the time period provided by Clause 8.1(a) above).

[TABLE] 8.2 | No liability

[TABLE] 8.3 | Privileges

[TABLE] 8.4 | Protection of third parties

[TABLE] (a) | whether the Secured Liabilities have become payable;

[TABLE] (b) | whether any power which the Pledgee is purporting to exercise has become exercisable or is being properly exercised;

[TABLE] (c) | whether any money remains due under the Security Documents; or

[TABLE] (d) | how any money paid to the Pledgee or to that Receiver is to be applied.

[TABLE] 8.5 | Redemption of prior Security Interests

[TABLE] (a) | At any time after this Security has become enforceable, the Pledgee may:

[TABLE] (i) | redeem any prior Security Interest against any Security Asset; and/or

[TABLE] (ii) | procure the transfer of that Security Interest to itself; and/or

[TABLE] (iii) | settle and pass the accounts of the prior pledgee, mortgagee, chargee or encumbrancer; any accounts so settled and passed will be, in the absence of manifest error, conclusive and binding on the Pledgor.

[TABLE] (b) | The Pledgor must pay to the Pledgee, promptly on demand, the costs and expenses incurred by the Pledgee in connection with any such redemption and/or transfer, including the payment of any principal or interest.

[TABLE] 8.6 | Contingencies

[TABLE] 9. | RECEIVER

[TABLE] 9.1 | Appointment of Receiver

[TABLE] (a) | Except as provided below, the Pledgee may appoint any one or more persons to be a Receiver of all or any part of the Security Assets if:

[TABLE] (i) | this Security has become enforceable; or

[TABLE] (ii) | the Pledgor so requests the Pledgee in writing at any time.

[TABLE] (b) | Any appointment under paragraph (a) above may be by deed, under seal or in writing under its hand.

[TABLE] (c) | Except as provided below, any restriction imposed by law on the right to appoint a Receiver does not apply to this Deed.

[TABLE] 9.2 | Removal

[TABLE] 9.3 | Remuneration

[TABLE] 9.4 | Agent of the Pledgor

[TABLE] 9.5 | Relationship with Pledgee

[TABLE] 10. | POWERS OF RECEIVER

[TABLE] 10.1 | General

[TABLE] (a) | A Receiver has all the rights, powers and discretions set out below in this Clause in addition to those conferred on it by any law.

[TABLE] (b) | If there is more than one Receiver holding office at the same time, each Receiver may (unless the document appointing him states otherwise) exercise all the powers conferred on a Receiver under this Deed individually and to the exclusion of any other Receiver.

[TABLE] 10.2 | Possession

[TABLE] 10.3 | Carry on business

[TABLE] 10.4 | Employees

[TABLE] (a) | A Receiver may appoint and discharge managers, officers, agents, accountants, servants, workmen and others for the purposes of this Deed upon such terms as to remuneration or otherwise as he thinks fit.

[TABLE] (b) | A Receiver may discharge any person appointed by the Pledgor.

[TABLE] 10.5 | Borrow money

[TABLE] 10.6 | Sale of assets

[TABLE] (a) | A Receiver may sell, exchange, convert into money and realise any Security Asset by public auction or private contract and generally in any manner and on any terms which he thinks fit.

[TABLE] (b) | The consideration for any such transaction may consist of cash, debentures or other obligations, shares, stock or other valuable consideration and any such consideration may be payable in a lump sum or by instalments spread over any period which it thinks fit.

[TABLE] (c) | Fixtures may be severed and sold separately from the property containing them without the consent of the Pledgor.

[TABLE] 10.7 | Leases

[TABLE] 10.8 | Compromise

[TABLE] 10.9 | Legal actions

[TABLE] 10.10 | Receipts

[TABLE] 10.11 | Delegation

[TABLE] 10.12 | Lending

[TABLE] 10.13 | Protection of assets

[TABLE] (a) | effect any repair or insurance and do any other act which the Pledgor might do in the ordinary conduct of its business to protect or improve any Security Asset;

[TABLE] (b) | commence and/or complete any building operation; and

[TABLE] (c) | apply for and maintain any planning permission, building regulation approval or any other authorisation,

[TABLE] 10.14 | Other powers

[TABLE] (a) | do all other acts and things which he may consider desirable or necessary for realising any Security Asset or incidental or conducive to any of the rights, powers or discretions conferred on a Receiver under or by virtue of this Deed or by law;

[TABLE] (b) | exercise in relation to any Security Asset all the powers, authorities and things which he would be capable of exercising if he were the absolute beneficial owner of that Security Asset; and

[TABLE] (c) | use the name of the Pledgor for any of the above purposes.

[TABLE] 11. | APPLICATION OF PROCEEDS

[TABLE] (a) | in or towards payment of or provision for all costs and expenses incurred by the Pledgee or any Receiver under or in connection with this Deed and of all remuneration due to any Receiver under or in connection with this Deed;

[TABLE] (b) | in or towards payment of or provision for the Secured Liabilities; and

[TABLE] (c) | in payment of the surplus (if any) to the Pledgor or other person entitled to it.

[TABLE] 12. | EXPENSES AND INDEMNITY

[TABLE] (a) | promptly on demand pays all costs and expenses (including stamp duty and legal fees) incurred in connection with this Deed (provided that the costs for its preparation and negotiations are subject to the prior agreed cap) or any amendment of or waiver or consent under this Deed by the Pledgee, attorney-in-fact, Receiver, manager, agent or other person appointed by the Pledgee under this Deed; and

[TABLE] (b) | keep each of them indemnified against any failure or delay in paying those costs or expenses and any loss or liability incurred by it in connection with any litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings concerning this Security; this includes any loss or liability arising from any actual or alleged breach by any person of any law or regulation.

[TABLE] 13. | DELEGATION

[TABLE] 13.1 | Power of Attorney

[TABLE] 13.2 | Terms

[TABLE] 13.3 | Liability

[TABLE] 14. | FURTHER ASSURANCES

[TABLE] (a) | creating, attaching, perfecting or protecting and maintaining the priority of any security intended to be created by this Deed;

[TABLE] (b) | facilitating the realisation of any Security Asset, or the exercise of any right, power or discretion exercisable, by the Pledgee or any Receiver or any of their respective delegates or sub-delegates in respect of any Security Asset;

[TABLE] (c) | obtaining possession and control of any Security Asset; or

[TABLE] (d) | facilitating the assignment or transfer of any rights and/or obligations of the Pledgee under this Deed.

[TABLE] (i) | the execution of any mortgage, charge, transfer, conveyance, assignment or assurance of any property, whether to the Pledgee or to its nominee; or

[TABLE] (ii) | the giving of any notice, order or direction and the making of any registration,

[TABLE] 15. | POWER OF ATTORNEY

[TABLE] 15.1 | The Pledgor, by way of security and for good and valuable consideration (the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged), irrevocably and severally coupled with an interest in this Deed appoints the Pledgee, each Receiver and each of their respective delegates and sub-delegates to be its attorney-in-fact to take any action which the Pledgor is obliged to take under this Deed. The Pledgor ratifies and confirms whatever any attorney-in-fact does or purports to do under its appointment under this Clause.

[TABLE] 15.2 | The power of attorney granted or otherwise made pursuant to this Deed is given by the Pledgor by way of further security for the Secured Liabilities and in order to more fully secure the performance of its obligations under this Deed and in consideration of the mutual covenants in this Deed and for other good and valuable consideration received by the Pledgor from the Pledgee (the receipt, sufficiency and adequacy of which consideration is hereby acknowledged and confirmed).

[TABLE] 16. | MISCELLANEOUS

[TABLE] 16.1 | Covenant to pay

[TABLE] 16.2 | Financial collateral

[TABLE] (a) | To the extent that the assets mortgaged or charged under this Deed constitute “financial collateral” and this Deed and the obligations of the Pledgor under this Deed constitute a “security financial collateral arrangement” (in each case for the purpose of and as defined in the Financial Collateral Law 2004 (Law 43(I)/ 2004) the Pledgee shall have the right after this Security has become enforceable to appropriate all or any part of that financial collateral in or towards the satisfaction of the Secured Liabilities.

[TABLE] (b) | For the purpose of paragraph (a) above, the value of the financial collateral appropriated shall be the Market Value.

[TABLE] 16.3 | Limited recourse

[TABLE] (a) | the sole recourse of the Pledgee to the Pledgor under this Deed is to the Pledgor’s interest in the Security Assets; and

[TABLE] (b) | the liability of the Pledgor to the Pledgee pursuant to or otherwise in connection with this Deed shall be:

[TABLE] (i) | limited in aggregate to an amount equal to that recovered as a result of enforcement of this Deed with respect to the Shares; and

[TABLE] (ii) | satisfied only from the proceeds of sale or other disposal or realisation of the Shares pursuant to this Deed.

[TABLE] 17. | RELEASE

[TABLE] (a) | deliver or caused to be delivered to the Pledgor or such other person, as the Pledgor may direct, the documents referred in Clause 5.1 hereof and any other documents delivered to the Pledgee pursuant to this Deed;

[TABLE] (b) | give notice of discharge of the pledge to the Company for the purpose of cancelling the memorandum of pledge made in its register of members pursuant to section 138(2) of the Contract Law, Cap. 149 (as amended); and

[TABLE] (c) | execute whatever documents and take whatever action is reasonably required to release the Security Assets from this Security and terminate any powers of attorney or other like appointments.

[TABLE] 18. | CHANGES TO THE PARTIES

[TABLE] 18.1 | The Pledgor

[TABLE] 18.2 | The Pledgee

[TABLE] 18.3 | Successors and Assigns

[TABLE] 19. | EVIDENCE AND CALCULATIONS

[TABLE] 19.1 | Accounts

[TABLE] 19.2 | Certificates and determinations

[TABLE] 20. | NOTICES

[TABLE] 20.1 | In writing

[TABLE] (a) | Any communication in connection with this Deed must be in writing and, unless otherwise stated, may be given in person, by international courier service, by fax or email.

[TABLE] (b) | Unless it is agreed to the contrary, any consent or agreement required under this Deed must be given in writing.

[TABLE] 20.2 | Contact details

[TABLE] (a) | The contact details of the Pledgor for all notices in connection with this Deed are:

[TABLE] (b) | The contact details of the Pledgee for all notices in connection with this Deed are:

[TABLE] (c) | Any Party may change its contact details by giving five Business Days’ notice to the other Party.

[TABLE] 20.3 | Effectiveness

[TABLE] (a) | Any communication in connection with this Deed will be deemed to be given as follows:

[TABLE] (i) | if sent by fax or by other means allowing to determine that the message is sent by the Party to this Deed—upon receipt in eligible form;

[TABLE] (ii) | if delivered in person or sent by an international courier service, at the time of delivery.

[TABLE] (b) | A communication given under paragraph (a) above but received on a non-working day or after business hours in the place of receipt will only be deemed to be given on the next working day in that place.

[TABLE] 20.4 | LANGUAGE

[TABLE] 21. | SEVERABILITY

[TABLE] (a) | the legality, validity or enforceability in that jurisdiction of any other term of this Deed; or

[TABLE] (b) | the legality, validity or enforceability in any other jurisdiction of that or any other term of this Deed.

[TABLE] 22. | WAIVERS AND REMEDIES CUMULATIVE

[TABLE] (a) | may be exercised as often as necessary;

[TABLE] (b) | are cumulative and not exclusive of its rights under the general law; and

[TABLE] (c) | may be waived only in writing and specifically.

[TABLE] 23. | COUNTERPARTS

[TABLE] 24. | GOVERNING LAW

[TABLE] 25. | ENFORCEMENT

[TABLE] 25.1 | Jurisdiction

[TABLE] (a) | The courts of the Republic of Cyprus have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute in connection with this Deed.

[TABLE] (b) | The courts of the Republic of Cyprus are the most appropriate and convenient courts to settle any such dispute in connection with this Deed. The Pledgor agrees not to argue to the contrary and waives objection to those courts on the grounds of inconvenient forum or otherwise in relation to proceedings in connection with this Deed.

[TABLE] (c) | References in this Clause to a dispute in connection with this Deed includes any dispute as to the existence, validity or termination of this Deed.

[TABLE] 25.2 | Waiver of immunity

[TABLE] (a) | agrees not to claim any immunity from proceedings brought by the Pledgee against it in relation to this Deed and to ensure that no such claim is made on its behalf;

[TABLE] (b) | consents generally to the giving of any relief or the issue of any process in connection with those proceedings; and

[TABLE] (c) | waives all rights of immunity in respect of it or its assets.

[TABLE] Name of the Company | ZEMENIK TRADING LIMITED (registered number: HE 332806) (the “Company)

[TABLE] Name and address of Transferor | [NAME OF PLEDGOR] of [ADDRESS] (the “Transferor”)

[TABLE] Name and address of Transferee | (the “Transferee”)

[TABLE] Number, Class and Denomination of Shares | [ ? ] [ordinary] shares of [ ? ] each (the “Shares”)

[TABLE] Distinctive Numbers of Shares | [ ? ] to [ ? ] inclusive

[TABLE] SIGNED as a DEED | )

[TABLE] by [NAME OF THE PLEDGOR] | )

[TABLE] [acting by its authorised attorney/director/signatory] | )

[TABLE] [NAME]] | )

[TABLE] in the presence of: | )

[TABLE] Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] SIGNED as a DEED | )

[TABLE] by | ) acting by its authorised | )

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] in the presence of: | )

[TABLE] Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] 1. | APPOINTMENT AND POWERS

[TABLE] (a) | to exercise all rights in relation to [NUMBER] Ordinary shares of €1.71 each (the “Shares”) in HEADHUNTER FSU LIMITED (the “Company”) registered in the name of the Pledgor, which shares have been pledged to the Pledgee pursuant to a deed of pledge dated [DATE] between the Pledgor and the Pledgee (the “Deed of Pledge”), as the Attorney in its absolute discretion sees fit, including (but not limited to):

[TABLE] (i) | receiving notice of, attending and voting at any annual or extraordinary general meeting of the shareholders of the Company, including meetings of the members of any particular class of shareholder, and all or any adjournment of such meetings, or signing any resolution as registered holder of the Shares;

[TABLE] (ii) | completing and returning proxy cards, consents to short notice and any other documents required to be signed by the registered holder of the Shares;

[TABLE] (iii) | dealing with and giving directions as to any moneys, securities, benefits, documents, notices or other communications (in whatever form) arising by right of the Shares or received in connection with the Shares from the Company or any other person; and

[TABLE] (iv) | otherwise executing, delivering and doing all deeds, instruments and acts in the Pledgor’s name insofar as may be done in the Pledgor’s capacity as registered holder of the Shares; and

[TABLE] (b) | to execute, deliver and perfect all documents and do all things which an Attorney may consider to be required or desirable for:

[TABLE] (i) | carrying out any obligation imposed on the Pledgor by the Deed of Pledge (including the execution and delivery of any pledges, mortgages, charges, assignments or other security and any transfer of the Shares); and

[TABLE] (ii) | enabling the Pledgee to exercise, or delegate the exercise of, any of the rights, powers and authorities conferred on them by or pursuant to the Deed of Pledge or by law (including, the exercise of any right of a legal or beneficial owner of the Shares).

[TABLE] 2. | DELEGATION

[TABLE] 3. | SUBSTITUTE ATTORNEY

[TABLE] 4. | POWER BY WAY OF SECURITY

[TABLE] 5. | UNDERTAKINGS

[TABLE] (a) | indemnifies the Attorney and its officers against any loss or liability suffered by the Attorney or its officers in acting as the Pledgor’s attorney or under this power of attorney; and

[TABLE] (b) | agrees to ratify and confirm all things lawfully done and all documents executed by the Attorney or its officers in the proper exercise or purported exercise of all or any of its powers under this power of attorney.

[TABLE] 6. | JURISDICTION

[TABLE] SIGNED as a DEED | )

[TABLE] by [NAME OF THE PLEDGOR] | )

[TABLE] [acting by its authorised attorney/signatory/director] | )

[TABLE] [NAME] | )

[TABLE] in the presence of: | )

[TABLE] Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] To: | HEADHUNTER FSU LIMITED (the “Company”)

[TABLE] Yours faithfully,

[TABLE] [NAME OF DIRECTOR/SECRETARY]

[TABLE] [Director/Secretary]

[TABLE] To: | JSC VTB BANK (the “Pledgee”)

[TABLE] 1. | We hereby irrevocably authorise and undertake with the Pledgee that until the date on which all the Secured Liabilities have been unconditionally and irrevocably paid and discharged in full, we will not act alone or with any other person, enter into or accept or authorise any act or omission in contravention of the terms of the Facility Agreement or the Deed of Pledge; and

[TABLE] 2. | We hereby irrevocably authorise the Pledgee at any time on or after an Event of Default occurs under and as defined in the Facility Agreement, to date, use and otherwise put into full effect the undated letter of resignation delivered by me to the Pledgee pursuant to the Deed of Pledge.

[TABLE] KATERINA IOSIF
Director | PANAYIOTA STYLIANOU
Director

[TABLE] ALEXANDER ARBUZOV
Director | TOP SECRETARIAL LIMITED
Secretary

[TABLE] To: | HEADHUNTER FSU LIMITED (the “Company”)

[TABLE] (a) | enter a Memorandum of this pledge in the Register of Members and against the Shares in respect of which this notice is given; and

[TABLE] (b) | issue to us a certificate acknowledging receipt of this notice and confirming that the aforesaid Memorandum has been made in the Register of Members.

[TABLE] Yours faithfully,

[TABLE] JSC VTB BANK

[TABLE] To: | JSC VTB BANK

[TABLE] 1. | have not received notice of the interest of any third party in the Shares and are not aware of any transfer of the Shares to a third party;

[TABLE] 2. | have not received notice of and are not aware of the Shares, the share certificates representing the Shares, or any rights attaching to the Shares being subject to any pledge or other security interest; and

[TABLE] 3. | Memoranda, substantially in the form set out in the Schedule below, have been made and registered in the Register of Members of the Company in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Deed of Pledge.

[TABLE] Yours faithfully,

[TABLE] TOP SECRETARIAL LIMITED

[TABLE] Secretary of

[TABLE] HEADHUNTER FSU LIMITED

[TABLE] 1. | BACKGROUND

[TABLE] 2. | RESOLUTIONS

[TABLE] (a) | THAT that the terms of, and the transactions contemplated, by the Deed of Pledge and any related documents be and are hereby approved;

[TABLE] (b) | THAT any transfer of Shares made by the Pledgee on enforcement of the Deed of Pledge be and is hereby approved.

[TABLE] (c) | THAT the Secretary be and is hereby authorised and instructed:

[TABLE] (i) | upon receipt of a notice in respect of the Deed of Pledge, to enter a memorandum of pledge in the Company’s register of members against the Shares and to issue a certificate to the Pledgee confirming the same in accordance with the terms of the Deed of Pledge; and

[TABLE] (ii) | upon receipt of an instrument of transfer of any Shares, to enter the name of the relevant transferee in the register of members of the Company and file the relevant company forms with the Registrar of Companies.

[TABLE] Dated this [DATE]

[TABLE] KATERINA IOSIF
Director | PANAYIOTA STYLIANOU
Director

[TABLE] ALEXANDER ARBUZOV
Director

[TABLE] SECRETARY’S CONFIRMATION

[TABLE] HEADHUNTER FSU LIMITED
 
HE 178226
 
(the “Company”)

[TABLE] Registrar of Companies & Official Receiver Department of Registrar of Companies and Official Receiver

[TABLE] Date:

[TABLE] Secretary’s Confirmation

[TABLE] We the undersigned, being the Secretary of the Company hereby certify that the changes set out in the attached filing forms are true, accurate and in accordance with the corporate registers of the Company.

[TABLE] [Secretary]

[TABLE] [INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK FOR THE NEW SECRETARY TO SIGN] | [INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK FOR THE NEW SECRETARY TO SIGN|

[TABLE] Pledgor | Pledgor | Pledgor

[TABLE] SIGNED as a DEED by LLC ZEMENIK acting by its authorised director | SIGNED as a DEED by LLC ZEMENIK acting by its authorised director | SIGNED as a DEED by LLC ZEMENIK acting by its authorised director

[TABLE] Karen Agajan in the presence of: | Karen Agajan in the presence of: | Karen Agajan in the presence of:

[TABLE] 1. | Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] 2. | Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] Pledgee | Pledgee | Pledgee

[TABLE] SIGNED as a DEED by JSC VTB BANK acting by its authorised attorney | SIGNED as a DEED by JSC VTB BANK acting by its authorised attorney | SIGNED as a DEED by JSC VTB BANK acting by its authorised attorney

[TABLE] Vitaly Buzoverja in the presence of: | Vitaly Buzoverja in the presence of: | Vitaly Buzoverja in the presence of:

[TABLE] 1. | Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] 2. | Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] Clause | Page | Page

[TABLE] 1. | INTERPRETATION | 34

[TABLE] 2. | CONFIRMATION | 34

[TABLE] 3. | FURTHER ASSURANCES | 35

[TABLE] 4. | COUNTERPARTS | 35

[TABLE] 5. | GOVERNING LAW | 35

[TABLE] 6. | ENFORCEMENT | 35

[TABLE] SIGNATORIES | SIGNATORIES | SIGNATORIES | 36

[TABLE] (1) | LLC ZEMENIK, a company organised and existing under the laws of Russia having its registered office address at Akademika Iljushina Street 4, Block 1, Office 54, Moscow, Russia with registration number 1167746153860 (hereinafter the “Pledgor”);

[TABLE] (2) | VTB BANK (PJSC), a bank organised under the laws of the Russian Federation under primary state registration number 1027739609391, whose registered office is at Ul. Bolshaya Morskaya 29, St. Petersburg 190000, the Russian Federation (hereinafter the “Pledgee”).

[TABLE] (A) | Pursuant to a facility agreement dated 16 May 2016 as amended by the amendment agreement No. 1 dated 14 December 2016, the amendment agreement No. 2 dated 28 June 2017 and as amended and restated by the amendment agreement No. 3 dated on or about the date hereof (the “Facility Agreement”) between the Pledgor as borrower and the Pledgee as arranger, facility agent and original lender, the parties thereto agreed, inter alia, that the Pledgor enters into the Deed of Pledge (as defined below) in favour of the Pledgee.

[TABLE] (B) | The Pledgor and the Pledgee have agreed to enter into this Deed for the purpose of confirming the security granted under the Deed of Pledge.

[TABLE] 1. | INTERPRETATION

[TABLE] 1.1 | Definitions

[TABLE] 1.2 | Construction

[TABLE] (a) | Capitalised terms defined in the Deed of Pledge have, unless expressly defined in this Deed, the same meaning in this Deed.

[TABLE] (b) | The provisions of clause 1.2 of the Deed of Pledge apply to this Deed as if they were set out in full in this Deed.

[TABLE] 2. | CONFIRMATION

[TABLE] (a) | The Pledgor acknowledges and consents to the amendment agreement no. 3 to the Facility Agreement.

[TABLE] (b) | The Pledgor confirms, consents and agrees that the Deed of Pledge remains valid and binding on the Pledgor and that the security granted pursuant to the Deed of Pledge remains valid and is continuing security for the Secured Liabilities.

[TABLE] 3. | FURTHER ASSURANCES

[TABLE] 4. | COUNTERPARTS

[TABLE] 5. | GOVERNING LAW

[TABLE] 6. | ENFORCEMENT

[TABLE] 6.1 | Jurisdiction

[TABLE] (a) | The courts of the Republic of Cyprus have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute in connection with this Deed.

[TABLE] (b) | The courts of the Republic of Cyprus are the most appropriate and convenient courts to settle any such dispute in connection with this Deed. The Pledgor agrees not to argue to the contrary and waive objection to those courts on the grounds of inconvenient forum or otherwise in relation to proceedings in connection with this Deed.

[TABLE] (c) | References in this Clause to a dispute in connection with this Deed includes any dispute as to the existence, validity or termination of this Deed.

[TABLE] 6.2 | Waiver of immunity

[TABLE] (a) | agrees not to claim any immunity from proceedings brought by the Pledgee against them in relation to this Deed and to ensure that no such claim is made on their behalf;

[TABLE] (b) | consents generally to the giving of any relief or the issue of any process in connection with those proceedings; and

[TABLE] (c) | waives all rights of immunity in respect of them or their assets.

[TABLE] SIGNATORIES

[TABLE] Pledgor | )

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] SIGNED as a DEED | )

[TABLE] By LLC ZEMENIK | )

[TABLE] acting by its authorised director | )

[TABLE] Karen Agajan | )

[TABLE] In the presence of: | (

[TABLE] 4. | Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] 5. | Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] Pledgee | )

[TABLE] ) | )

[TABLE] SIGNED as a DEED | )

[TABLE] By VTB BANK (PJSC) | )

[TABLE] acting by its authorised director | )

[TABLE] Vitaly Buzoverya | )

[TABLE] In the presence of: | (

[TABLE] 1. | Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] 2. | Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] SIGNATORIES

[TABLE] Pledgor | )

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] SIGNED as a DEED | )

[TABLE] By LLC ZEMENIK | )

[TABLE] acting by its authorised director | )

[TABLE] Karen Agajan | )

[TABLE] In the presence of: | (

[TABLE] 1. | Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] 2. | Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] Pledgee | )

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] SIGNED as a DEED | )

[TABLE] By VTB BANK (PJSC) | )

[TABLE] acting by its authorised director | )

[TABLE] Vitaly Buzoverya | )

[TABLE] In the presence of: | (

[TABLE] 1. | Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] 2. | Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] Clause | Page | Page

[TABLE] 1. | Interpretation | 3

[TABLE] 2. | Confirmation | 4

[TABLE] 3. | Further assurances | 4

[TABLE] 4. | Counterparts | 4

[TABLE] 5. | Governing law | 4

[TABLE] 6. | Enforcement | 4

[TABLE] Signatories | Signatories | Signatories | 6

[TABLE] 1. | LLC ZEMENIK, a company organised and existing under the laws of Russia having its registered office address at Akademika Iljushina Street 4, Block 1, Office 54, Moscow, Russia with registration number 1167746153860 (hereinafter the “Pledgor”);

[TABLE] 2. | VTB BANK (PJSC), a bank organised under the laws of the Russian Federation under primary state registration number 1027739609391, whose registered office is at Ul. Bolshaya Morskaya 29, St. Petersburg 190000, the Russian Federation (hereinafter the “Pledgee”).

[TABLE] (A) | Pursuant to a facility agreement dated 16 May 2016 as amended by the amendment agreement No. 1 dated 14 December 2016, the amendment agreement No. 2 dated 28 June 2017, the amendment agreement No. 3 dated 5 October 2017 and the amendment agreement No. 4 dated on or about the date hereof (the “Facility Agreement”) between the Pledgor as borrower and the Pledgee as arranger, facility agent and original lender, the parties thereto agreed, inter alia, that the Pledgor enters into the Deed of Pledge (as defined below) in favour of the Pledgee.

[TABLE] (B) | The Pledgor and the Pledgee have agreed to enter into this Deed for the purpose of confirming the security granted under the Deed of Pledge.

[TABLE] 1. | INTERPRETATION

[TABLE] 1.1 | Definitions

[TABLE] 1.2 | Construction

[TABLE] (a) | Capitalised terms defined in the Deed of Pledge have, unless expressly defined in this Deed, the same meaning in this Deed.

[TABLE] (b) | The provisions of clause 1.2 of the Deed of Pledge apply to this Deed as if they were set out in full in this Deed.

[TABLE] 2. | CONFIRMATION

[TABLE] (a) | The Pledgor acknowledges and consents to the amendment agreement no. 4 to the Facility Agreement.

[TABLE] (b) | The Pledgor confirms, consents and agrees that the Deed of Pledge remains valid and binding on the Pledgor and that the security granted pursuant to the Deed of Pledge remains valid and is continuing security for the Secured Liabilities.

[TABLE] 3. | FURTHER ASSURANCES

[TABLE] 4. | COUNTERPARTS

[TABLE] 5. | GOVERNING LAW

[TABLE] 6. | ENFORCEMENT

[TABLE] 6.1 | Jurisdiction

[TABLE] (a) | The courts of the Republic of Cyprus have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute in connection with this Deed.

[TABLE] (b) | The courts of the Republic of Cyprus are the most appropriate and convenient courts to settle any such dispute in connection with this Deed. The Pledgor agrees not to argue to the contrary and waive objection to those courts on the grounds of inconvenient forum or otherwise in relation to proceedings in connection with this Deed.

[TABLE] (c) | References in this Clause to a dispute in connection with this Deed includes any dispute as to the existence, validity or termination of this Deed.

[TABLE] 6.2 | Waiver of immunity

[TABLE] (a) | agrees not to claim any immunity from proceedings brought by the Pledgee against them in relation to this Deed and to ensure that no such claim is made on their behalf;

[TABLE] (b) | consents generally to the giving of any relief or the issue of any process in connection with those proceedings; and

[TABLE] (c) | waives all rights of immunity in respect of them or their assets.

[TABLE] SIGNED as a DEED | )

[TABLE] by LLC ZEMENIK | )

[TABLE] acting by its authorized director | )

[TABLE] Karen Agajan | )

[TABLE] in the presence of: | )

[TABLE] 1. | Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] 2. | Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] Pledgee

[TABLE] SIGNED as a DEED | )

[TABLE] by VTB BANK (PJSC) | )

[TABLE] acting by its | )

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] in the presence of: | )

[TABLE] 1. | Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] 2. | Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] SIGNED as a DEED | )

[TABLE] by LLC ZEMENIK | )

[TABLE] acting by its authorized director | )

[TABLE] Karen Agajan | )

[TABLE] in the presence of: | )

[TABLE] 1. | Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] 2. | Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] Pledgee

[TABLE] SIGNED as a DEED | )

[TABLE] by VTB BANK (PJSC) | )

[TABLE] acting by its | )

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] in the presence of: | )

[TABLE] 1. | Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] 2. | Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] Clause | Page | Page

[TABLE] 1. | INTERPRETATION | 1

[TABLE] 2. | CREATION OF SECURITY | 3

[TABLE] 3. | REPRESENTATIONS | 3

[TABLE] 4. | RESTRICTIONS ON DEALINGS | 6

[TABLE] 5. | SHARES | 6

[TABLE] 6. | PRESERVATION OF SECURITY | 9

[TABLE] 7. | WHEN SECURITY BECOMES ENFORCEABLE | 11

[TABLE] 8. | ENFORCEMENT OF SECURITY | 11

[TABLE] 9. | APPLICATION OF PROCEEDS | 13

[TABLE] 10. | EXPENSES AND INDEMNITY | 14

[TABLE] 11. | DELEGATION | 14

[TABLE] 12. | FURTHER ASSURANCES | 14

[TABLE] 13. | POWER OF ATTORNEY | 15

[TABLE] 14. | MISCELLANEOUS | 15

[TABLE] 15. | RELEASE | 16

[TABLE] 16. | CHANGES TO THE PARTIES | 16

[TABLE] 17. | EVIDENCE AND CALCULATIONS | 16

[TABLE] 18. | NOTICES | 17

[TABLE] 19. | LANGUAGE | 18

[TABLE] 20. | SEVERABILITY | 18

[TABLE] 21. | WAIVERS AND REMEDIES CUMULATIVE | 18

[TABLE] 22. | COUNTERPARTS | 18

[TABLE] 23. | GOVERNING LAW | 18

[TABLE] 24. | ENFORCEMENT | 18

[TABLE] SCHEDULE 1 INSTRUMENT OF TRANSFER | SCHEDULE 1 INSTRUMENT OF TRANSFER | SCHEDULE 1 INSTRUMENT OF TRANSFER | 20

[TABLE] SCHEDULE 2 IRREVOCABLE PROXY AND POWER OF ATTORNEY | SCHEDULE 2 IRREVOCABLE PROXY AND POWER OF ATTORNEY | SCHEDULE 2 IRREVOCABLE PROXY AND POWER OF ATTORNEY | 21

[TABLE] SCHEDULE 3 LETTER OF RESIGNATION | SCHEDULE 3 LETTER OF RESIGNATION | SCHEDULE 3 LETTER OF RESIGNATION | 23

[TABLE] SCHEDULE 4 LETTER OF AUTHORITY AND UNDERTAKING | SCHEDULE 4 LETTER OF AUTHORITY AND UNDERTAKING | SCHEDULE 4 LETTER OF AUTHORITY AND UNDERTAKING | 24

[TABLE] SCHEDULE 5 NOTICE OF PLEDGE | SCHEDULE 5 NOTICE OF PLEDGE | SCHEDULE 5 NOTICE OF PLEDGE | 25

[TABLE] SCHEDULE 6 SECRETARY’S CERTIFICATE | SCHEDULE 6 SECRETARY’S CERTIFICATE | SCHEDULE 6 SECRETARY’S CERTIFICATE | 26

[TABLE] SCHEDULE 7 BOARD RESOLUTION | SCHEDULE 7 BOARD RESOLUTION | SCHEDULE 7 BOARD RESOLUTION | 27

[TABLE] SCHEDULE 8 SECRETARY’S CONFIRMATION | SCHEDULE 8 SECRETARY’S CONFIRMATION | SCHEDULE 8 SECRETARY’S CONFIRMATION | 28

[TABLE] SCHEDULE 9 WAIVER OF PRE-EMPTION RIGHTS | SCHEDULE 9 WAIVER OF PRE-EMPTION RIGHTS | SCHEDULE 9 WAIVER OF PRE-EMPTION RIGHTS | 29

[TABLE] (1) | ELQ INVESTORS VIII LTD, a company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales with registration number 9182214, whose registered office is at Peterborough Court, 133 Fleet Street, London, EC4A 2BB, United Kingdom (the “Pledgor”); and

[TABLE] (2) | VTB BANK (PJSC), a bank organised under the laws of the Russian Federation under primary state registration number 1027739609391, whose registered office is at Ul. Bolshaya Morskaya, 29, St. Petersburg 190000, Russian Federation (the “Pledgee”).

[TABLE] (A) | The Pledgor is the owner of 40% of the issued share capital of the Company (as defined below).

[TABLE] (B) | The Pledgor enters into this Deed in connection with the Facility Agreement (as defined below).

[TABLE] 1. | INTERPRETATION

[TABLE] 1.1 | Definitions

[TABLE] 1.2 | Construction

[TABLE] (a) | In this Deed and any certificate or other document delivered pursuant hereto, unless otherwise expressly provided herein or therein or unless the context requires another meaning, capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings specified in the Facility Agreement, by reference or otherwise (and each such term is thereby incorporated by reference herein for such use). To the extent such terms are defined by reference to another agreement or document, such terms shall continue to have their original definitions despite any termination, expiration or amendment of such agreement or document, unless the parties agree otherwise in writing.

[TABLE] (b) | In this Deed, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to:

[TABLE] (i) | an “amendment” includes a supplement, novation, restatement or re-enactment and “amended” will be construed accordingly;

[TABLE] (ii) | “assets” includes present and future properties, revenues and rights of every description;

[TABLE] (iii) | an “authorisation” includes an authorisation, consent, approval, resolution, licence, exemption, filing, registration or notarisation;

[TABLE] (iv) | “disposal” means a sale, transfer, grant, lease or other disposal, whether voluntary or involuntary, and “dispose” will be construed accordingly;

[TABLE] (v) | a “person” includes any individual, company, corporation, unincorporated association or body (including a partnership, trust, joint venture or consortium), government, state, agency, organisation or other entity whether or not having separate legal personality;

[TABLE] (vi) | a provision of law is a reference to that provision as extended, applied, amended or re-enacted and includes any subordinate legislation;

[TABLE] (vii) | a Clause, a Subclause or a Schedule is a reference to a clause or subclause of, or a schedule to, this Agreement; and

[TABLE] (viii) | a Party or any other person includes its successors in title, permitted assigns and permitted transferees.

[TABLE] (c) | Where the context so admits, the singular includes the plural and vice versa.

[TABLE] (d) | A reference to a Security Document or other document or security includes (without prejudice to any prohibition on amendments) any amendment however fundamental to that Security Document or other document or security, including any change in the purpose of, any extension or any increase in the amount of a facility or any additional facility.

[TABLE] (e) | Any covenant of the Pledgor under this Deed (other than a payment obligation) remains in force during the Security Period.

[TABLE] (f) | If the Pledgee reasonably considers that an amount paid to it under this Deed is capable of being avoided or otherwise set aside on the liquidation or administration of the payer or otherwise, then that amount will not be considered to have been irrevocably paid for the purposes of this Deed.

[TABLE] (g) | Unless the context otherwise requires, a reference to a Security Asset includes the proceeds of sale of that Security Asset.

[TABLE] 2. | CREATION OF SECURITY

[TABLE] 2.1 | General

[TABLE] (i) | is created in favour of the Pledgee; and

[TABLE] (ii) | is continuing security for the payment, discharge and performance of all the Secured Liabilities.

[TABLE] 2.2 | Security

[TABLE] (a) | as a registered holder of the Shares, pledges to the Pledgee the Share Certificates; and

[TABLE] (b) | mortgages (by way of equitable mortgage), charges, transfers, assigns, deposits and sets over to the Pledgee all the Shares and all Related Rights.

[TABLE] 3. | REPRESENTATIONS

[TABLE] 3.1 | Representations

[TABLE] 3.2 | Status

[TABLE] (a) | It is a company, duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation.

[TABLE] (b) | It is not in liquidation and no winding-up, liquidation or similar proceedings are current, pending or threatened against it.

[TABLE] 3.3 | Powers and authorities

[TABLE] 3.4 | Legal validity

[TABLE] 3.5 | Non-conflict

[TABLE] (a) | any law or regulation applicable to it; or

[TABLE] (b) | its constitutional documents; or

[TABLE] (c) | any document which is binding upon it or any of its assets.

[TABLE] 3.6 | Authorisations

[TABLE] 3.7 | Nature of security

[TABLE] 3.8 | Shares

[TABLE] (a) | The Shares have been duly authorised, validly issued and are fully paid;

[TABLE] (b) | the Shares and the Related Rights are free and clear of any Security Interests and are not subject to any charging pursuant to the Charging Order Law 1992 (Law 31(I)/92);

[TABLE] (c) | the Shares represent 40% of the issued share capital of the Company and other than the remaining 60%, there are no other equity or ownership interests in the Company, options or rights to acquire or subscribe for any such interests or securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for any such interests;

[TABLE] (d) | no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings are current or pending or, to its knowledge, threatened, involving or affecting the Security Assets, and none of the Security Assets are subject to any order, writ, injunction, execution or attachment; and

[TABLE] (e) | the Pledgor is the sole registered legal and beneficial owner of, and has the power to transfer and grant a security interest in, the Shares and the Related Rights and the lawful holder of the Share Certificates.

[TABLE] 3.9 | Immunity

[TABLE] (a) | The execution by it of this Deed constitutes, and the exercise by it of its rights and performance of its obligations under this Deed will constitute, private and commercial acts performed for private and commercial purposes.

[TABLE] (b) | It will not be entitled to claim immunity from suit, execution, attachment or other legal process in any proceedings taken in its jurisdiction of incorporation in relation to this Deed.

[TABLE] 3.10 | No adverse consequences

[TABLE] (a) | It is not necessary under the laws of the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Pledgor or the Company:

[TABLE] (i) | in order to enable the Pledgee to enforce its rights under this Deed; or

[TABLE] (ii) | by reason of the execution of any Security Document or the performance by it of its obligations under this Deed,

[TABLE] (b) | The Pledgee is not and will not be deemed to be resident, domiciled or carrying on business in the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Pledgor or the Company by reason only of the execution, performance and/or enforcement of this Deed.

[TABLE] 3.11 | Jurisdiction/governing law

[TABLE] (a) | Its:

[TABLE] (i) | irrevocable submission under this Deed to the jurisdiction of the courts of the Republic of Cyprus;

[TABLE] (ii) | agreement that this Deed is governed by Cyprus law; and

[TABLE] (iii) | agreement not to claim any immunity to which it or its assets may be entitled,

[TABLE] (b) | Any judgment obtained in Cyprus in connection with this Deed will be recognised and be enforceable by the courts of its jurisdiction of incorporation.

[TABLE] 3.12 | Times for making representations

[TABLE] (a) | The representations set out in this Deed (including in this Clause) are made on the date of this Deed.

[TABLE] (b) | Unless a representation is expressed to be given at a specific date, each representation under this Deed is deemed to be repeated by the Pledgor during the Security Period on the date of each drawdown, each drawdown request and the first day of each interest period as provided by the Facility Agreement.

[TABLE] (c) | When a representation is repeated, it is applied to the circumstances existing at the time of repetition.

[TABLE] 4. | RESTRICTIONS ON DEALINGS

[TABLE] (a) | create or allow to subsist any Security Interest (other than pursuant to this Deed or the Facility Agreement) on any Security Asset and must at all times warrant and defend the Pledgee’s security interest in the Security Assets against all other Security Interests and claimants;

[TABLE] (b) | sell, transfer, licence, lease, assign or otherwise encumber or dispose of any Security Asset; or

[TABLE] (c) | do, or permit to be done, any act or thing which would or might depreciate, jeopardise or otherwise prejudice the Security Asset or materially diminish the value of any Security Asset or the effectiveness of this Security.

[TABLE] 5. | SHARES

[TABLE] 5.1 | Deposit

[TABLE] (a) | the Share Certificates;

[TABLE] (b) | undated instrument of transfer of the Shares in the form set out in Schedule 1 (Instrument of Transfer), duly executed by the Pledgor as transferor in the presence of one witness, with the details of the transferee to be left blank;

[TABLE] (c) | irrevocable proxy and power of attorney in the form set out in Schedule 2 (Irrevocable Proxy and Power of Attorney), duly executed by the Pledgor;

[TABLE] (d) | undated letters of resignation, in the form set out in Schedule 3 (Letter of Resignation), duly signed by the Directors and the Secretary of the Company;

[TABLE] (e) | a letter of authority and undertaking, in the form set out in Schedule 4 (Letter of Authority and Undertaking), duly signed by the Directors and the Secretary of the Company;

[TABLE] (f) | a written board resolution of the Company, in the form set out in Schedule 7 (Board Resolution), duly passed by the Directors of the Company;

[TABLE] (g) | an undated confirmation of the Secretary of the Company in the form set out in Schedule 8 (Secretary’s Confirmation); and

[TABLE] (h) | waivers of pre-emption rights in the form set out in Schedule 9 (Waiver of Pre-emption Rights) duly signed by all the shareholders of the Company other than the Pledgor.

[TABLE] 5.2 | Memorandum of Pledge

[TABLE] (a) | that a memorandum of pledge is made in the Register of Members of the Company against the Shares; and

[TABLE] (b) | that the Secretary of the Company delivers to the Pledgee a certificate in the form set out in Schedule 6 (Secretary’s Certificate) together with an updated copy of the Register of Members of the Company.

[TABLE] 5.3 | Changes to rights

[TABLE] (a) | in the name of the Company being changed;

[TABLE] (b) | in the rights attaching to any Security Asset being altered;

[TABLE] (c) | further shares in the Company being issued, without the prior written consent of the Pledgee. In the event that such consent is given, the Pledgor must:

[TABLE] (i) | execute and deliver to the Pledgee such further or additional security documents in relation to such further shares; and

[TABLE] (ii) | deliver or procure the delivery to the Pledgee of such other documents (including, those documents referred to in Subclauses 5.1 and 5.2) in relation to those further shares,

[TABLE] (d) | in new Directors, Secretary or other officers of the Company being appointed, without the prior written consent of the Pledgee. In the event that such consent is given, the Pledgor must promptly upon any new Director, Secretary or other officer of the Company being appointed deliver or procure the delivery to the Pledgee of the documents referred to under Subclauses 5.1(d) and (e) for each new Director, Secretary or other officer of the Company.

[TABLE] 5.4 | Calls

[TABLE] (a) | The Pledgor must pay when due all calls, taxes, charges or other payments due and payable in respect of any Security Asset.

[TABLE] (b) | If the Pledgor fails to do so, the Pledgee may pay the calls, taxes, charges or other payments on behalf of the Pledgor. The Pledgor must promptly on request reimburse the Pledgee for any payment made by the Pledgee under this Subclause.

[TABLE] 5.5 | Other obligations in respect of Security Assets

[TABLE] (a) | (i) The Pledgor must comply with all requests for information relating to any Security Asset which is within its knowledge and which it is required to comply with by any law or its constitutional documents. If the Pledgor fails to do so, the Pledgee may elect to provide any information which it may have on behalf of the Pledgor.

[TABLE] (ii) | The Pledgor must promptly supply a copy to the Pledgee of any information referred to in sub-paragraph (i) above.

[TABLE] (b) | The Pledgor must comply with all other conditions and obligations assumed by it in respect of any Security Assets.

[TABLE] (c) | The Pledgee is not obliged to:

[TABLE] (i) | perform any obligation of the Pledgor;

[TABLE] (ii) | make any payment;

[TABLE] (iii) | make any enquiry as to the nature or sufficiency of any payment received by it or the Pledgor; or

[TABLE] (iv) | present or file any claim or take any other action to collect or enforce the payment of any amount to which it may be entitled under this Deed,

[TABLE] 5.6 | Voting rights

[TABLE] (a) | Before this Security becomes enforceable, the Pledgor may continue to exercise and benefit from the voting rights, right to receive dividends and any other distributions in respect of the Security Assets in accordance with the terms provided by the Facility Agreement, powers and other rights in respect of and attaching to the Security Assets.

[TABLE] (b) | After this Security has become enforceable:

[TABLE] (i) | all rights of the Pledgor to exercise voting and other consensual rights with respect to the Security Assets and to receive dividends and other payments in respect of the Security Assets will cease, and all these rights will immediately become vested solely in the Pledgee or its nominees, and the Pledgor grants the Pledgee or its nominees the Pledgor’s irrevocable and unconditional proxy for this purpose;

[TABLE] (ii) | any dividends and other payments in respect of the Security Assets received by the Pledgor will be held in trust for the Pledgee, and the Pledgor will keep all such amounts separate and apart from all other funds and property so as to be capable of identification as the property of the Pledgee and will deliver these amounts at such time as the Pledgee may request to the Pledgee in the identical form received;

[TABLE] (iii) | the Pledgee may exercise (in the name of the Pledgor and without any further consent or authority on the part of the Pledgor) any voting rights and any powers or rights which may be exercised by the legal or beneficial owner of the Shares, any person who is the holder of any Shares or otherwise; and

[TABLE] (iv) | the Pledgee may receive, collect, recover, sue for and if necessary use the name of the Pledgor for the recovery of all dividends or other distributions on all or any of the Shares.

[TABLE] 6. | PRESERVATION OF SECURITY

[TABLE] 6.1 | Continuing security

[TABLE] 6.2 | Reinstatement

[TABLE] (a) | If any discharge (whether in respect of the obligations of the Pledgor or any security for those obligations or otherwise) or arrangement is made in whole or in part on the faith of any payment, security or other disposition which is avoided or must be restored on insolvency, winding-up, liquidation, administration or otherwise without limitation, the liability of the Pledgor under this Deed will continue or be reinstated as if the discharge or arrangement had not occurred.

[TABLE] (b) | The Pledgee may concede or compromise any claim that any payment, security or other disposition is liable to avoidance or restoration.

[TABLE] 6.3 | Waiver of defences

[TABLE] (a) | any time, forbearance, extension or waiver granted to, or composition or compromise with, any person;

[TABLE] (b) | any release of any person under the terms of any composition or arrangement;

[TABLE] (c) | the taking, variation, compromise, exchange, renewal or release of, or refusal or neglect to perfect, take up or enforce, any rights against, or security over assets of, any person;

[TABLE] (d) | any non-presentation or non-observance of any formality or other requirement in respect of any instrument or any failure to realise the full value of any security;

[TABLE] (e) | any incapacity or lack of power, authority or legal personality of or dissolution or change in the members or status of any person;

[TABLE] (f) | any amendment (however fundamental), restatement or novation of a Security Document or any other document, guarantee or security;

[TABLE] (g) | any unenforceability, illegality, invalidity or non-provability of any obligation of any person under any Security Document or any other document, guarantee or security or the failure by any member of the Group to enter into or be bound by any Security Document;

[TABLE] (h) | the acceptance or taking of other guaranties or security for the Secured Liabilities, or the settlement, release or substitution of any guaranty or security or of any endorser or guarantor in respect of the Secured Liabilities; or

[TABLE] (i) | any insolvency or similar proceedings.

[TABLE] 6.4 | Immediate recourse

[TABLE] (a) | The Pledgor waives any right it may have of first requiring the Pledgee (or any trustee or agent on its behalf) to proceed against or enforce any other right or security or claim payment from any person or file any proof or claim in any insolvency, administration, winding-up or liquidation proceedings relative to any Obligor or any other person before claiming from the Pledgor under this Deed.

[TABLE] (b) | This waiver applies irrespective of any law or any provision of a Security Document to the contrary.

[TABLE] 6.5 | Appropriations

[TABLE] (a) | (i) refrain from applying or enforcing any other moneys, security, guarantees or rights held or received by the Pledgee (or any trustee or agent on its behalf) against those amounts; or

[TABLE] (ii) | apply and enforce them in such manner and order as it sees fit (whether against those amounts or otherwise); and

[TABLE] (b) | hold in an interest-bearing suspense account any moneys received from the Pledgor or on account of the Pledgor’s liability under this Deed or any other Security Document, without liability to pay interest on those monies.

[TABLE] 6.6 | Non-competition

[TABLE] (a) | the Security Period has expired; or

[TABLE] (b) | the Pledgee otherwise directs,

[TABLE] (i) | be subrogated to any rights, security or moneys held, received or receivable by the Pledgee (or any trustee or agent on its behalf);

[TABLE] (ii) | be entitled to any right of contribution or indemnity in respect of any payment made or moneys received on account of the Pledgor’s liability under this Clause;

[TABLE] (iii) | claim, rank, prove or vote as a creditor of any Obligor or its estate in competition with the Pledgee (or any trustee or agent on its behalf); or

[TABLE] (iv) | receive, claim or have the benefit of any payment, distribution or security from or on account of any Obligor, or exercise any right of set-off as against any Obligor.

[TABLE] 6.7 | Additional security

[TABLE] (a) | This Deed is in addition to and is not in any way prejudiced by any other security now or subsequently held by the Pledgee.

[TABLE] (b) | No prior security held by the Pledgee over any Security Asset will merge into this Security.

[TABLE] 6.8 | Security held by Pledgor

[TABLE] 7. | WHEN SECURITY BECOMES ENFORCEABLE

[TABLE] 7.1 | Event of Default

[TABLE] 7.2 | Enforcement

[TABLE] 8. | ENFORCEMENT OF SECURITY

[TABLE] 8.1 | General

[TABLE] (a) | The power of sale and any other power conferred by law will be immediately exercisable at any time after this Security has become enforceable and the Pledgee has given prior written notice to the Pledgor of its intention to exercise its power of sale or any other power conferred by law (the “Enforcement Notice”). The Pledgee may start enforcement not earlier than following eight Business Days upon receipt of the Enforcement Notice by the Pledgor.

[TABLE] (b) | The Pledgee may sell all or any part of the Shares (whether by public offer or private contract) to any person, including (but not limited to) to itself or any person affiliated, associated or otherwise connected to the Pledgee, subject to Clauses 8.1(i) – (k) below (whether comprising cash, debentures or other obligations, shares or other valuable consideration of any kind and whether payable or deliverable in a lump sum or by instalments) as the Pledgee may in its sole and absolute discretion determine.

[TABLE] (c) | If any of the Shares are sold by the Pledgee upon credit, for future delivery or for deferred consideration, the Pledgee may retain such Shares until the selling price is paid in full by the purchaser. The Pledgee shall not be liable for any failure by the purchaser to pay for any Shares and, in the event of such failure, the Pledgee may resell such Shares to another person.

[TABLE] (d) | Nothing in this Deed shall restrict the Pledgee from proceeding by suit at law or in equity to foreclose this Deed and sell all or any part of the Shares under a judgment or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction, provided the Pledgor has been given due notice of any such action.

[TABLE] (e) | Upon the Pledgee exercising all or any of its rights and powers under this Deed, the Pledgor must promptly procure that the Company registers as owners of the Shares the Pledgee and/or any nominees of the Pledgee or the purchasers of the Shares or otherwise any and all persons entitled to own the Shares as owners of the Shares pursuant to the exercise by the Pledgee of its said rights and powers under this Deed.

[TABLE] (f) | Without limitation to the foregoing provisions of this Clause, the Pledgee shall be entitled but not obliged, in its sole discretion, to use and put into effect all or any of the documents deposited with the Pledgee under Clauses 5.1 and 5.3(c) and (d) in the exercise of any of its rights and powers under this Clause and to register as owners of the Shares the Pledgee and/or any nominees of the Pledgee or the purchasers of the Shares or otherwise any and all persons entitled to own the Shares as owners of the Shares pursuant to the exercise by the Pledgee of its said rights and powers under this Deed.

[TABLE] (g) | The Pledgor hereby waives all rights of redemption, stay or appraisal which the Pledgor has or may have under any rule of law or equity now existing or hereafter adopted.

[TABLE] (h) | Any restriction on the power of sale conferred by law does not apply to this Security.

[TABLE] (i) | The Parties further agree that concurrently with the issuance of the Enforcement Notice, the Pledgee shall engage the Independent Appraiser in order to determine the market value of the Shares (the “Market Value”). The Pledgee shall provide the Pledgor with a copy of the appraisal report stating the Market Value of the Shares prepared by the Independent Appraiser.

[TABLE] (j) | Where the Pledgee has elected to sell the Shares at a public sale, the initial sale price of the Shares at a first public sale shall not be less 80% of the Market Value. If the first public sale is declared not to have been successfully completed due to one of the following reasons: (i) fewer than two potential buyers have participated in the public sale or (ii) none of the potential buyers offered a bid exceeding the initial sale price of the Shares, the Pledgee shall call a second public sale. The second public sale shall be conducted by successively lowering of the initial sale price. At the second public sale the Pledgee will be entitled to reduce the initial sale price of the Shares each time by 5%. If the reduction of the initial sale price equals or exceeds 30%, the sale price may be further reduced each time by 3%. The sale price (the price of realisation of the Shares) at the second public sale shall not be lower than 50% of the initial sale price.

[TABLE] (k) | Where the Pledgee has elected to sell the Shares to a third party by way of private sale, the Shares shall be sold to such third party at a price not less than the Market Value.

[TABLE] (l) | During the time period before the Shares are sold (that cannot be shorter than the time period provided by Clause 8.1(a) above) the Pledgor may discharge the Secured Liabilities that are overdue and stop enforcement of the Shares.

[TABLE] (m) | The Pledgee shall stop enforcement of the Shares if the Company or any Guarantor discharges the Secured Liabilities that are overdue during the time period before the Shares are sold (that cannot be shorter than the time period provided by Clause 8.1(a) above).

[TABLE] 8.2 | No liability

[TABLE] 8.3 | Privileges

[TABLE] 8.4 | Protection of third parties

[TABLE] (a) | whether the Secured Liabilities have become payable;

[TABLE] (b) | whether any power which the Pledgee is purporting to exercise has become exercisable or is being properly exercised;

[TABLE] (c) | whether any money remains due under the Security Documents; or

[TABLE] (d) | how any money paid to the Pledgee is to be applied.

[TABLE] 8.5 | Redemption of prior Security Interests

[TABLE] (a) | At any time after this Security has become enforceable, the Pledgee may:

[TABLE] (i) | redeem any prior Security Interest against any Security Asset; and/or

[TABLE] (ii) | procure the transfer of that Security Interest to itself; and/or

[TABLE] (iii) | settle and pass the accounts of the prior pledgee, mortgagee, chargee or encumbrancer; any accounts so settled and passed will be, in the absence of manifest error, conclusive and binding on the Pledgor.

[TABLE] (iv) | The Pledgor must pay to the Pledgee, promptly on demand, the costs and expenses incurred by the Pledgee in connection with any such redemption and/or transfer, including the payment of any principal or interest.

[TABLE] 8.6 | Contingencies

[TABLE] 9. | APPLICATION OF PROCEEDS

[TABLE] (a) | in or towards payment of or provision for all costs and expenses incurred by the Pledgee under or in connection with this Deed;

[TABLE] (b) | in or towards payment of or provision for the Secured Liabilities; and

[TABLE] (c) | in payment of the surplus (if any) to the Pledgor or other person entitled to it.

[TABLE] 10. | EXPENSES AND INDEMNITY

[TABLE] (a) | promptly on demand pays all costs and expenses (including stamp duty and legal fees) incurred in connection with this Deed (provided that the costs for its preparation and negotiations are subject to the prior agreed cap) or any amendment of or waiver or consent under this Deed by the Pledgee, attorney-in-fact, manager, agent or other person appointed by the Pledgee under this Deed; and

[TABLE] (b) | keep each of them indemnified against any failure or delay in paying those costs or expenses and any loss or liability incurred by it in connection with any litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings concerning this Security; this includes any loss or liability arising from any actual or alleged breach by any person of any law or regulation.

[TABLE] 11. | DELEGATION

[TABLE] 11.1 | Power of Attorney

[TABLE] 11.2 | Terms

[TABLE] 11.3 | Liability

[TABLE] 12. | FURTHER ASSURANCES

[TABLE] (a) | creating, attaching, perfecting or protecting and maintaining the priority of any security intended to be created by this Deed;

[TABLE] (b) | facilitating the realisation of any Security Asset, or the exercise of any right, power or discretion exercisable, by the Pledgee or any of its respective delegates or sub-delegates in respect of any Security Asset;

[TABLE] (c) | obtaining possession and control of any Security Asset; or

[TABLE] (d) | facilitating the assignment or transfer of any rights and/or obligations of the Pledgee under this Deed.

[TABLE] (i) | the execution of any mortgage, charge, transfer, conveyance, assignment or assurance of any property, whether to the Pledgee or to its nominee; or

[TABLE] (ii) | the giving of any notice, order or direction and the making of any registration,

[TABLE] 13. | POWER OF ATTORNEY

[TABLE] 13.1 | The Pledgor, by way of security and for good and valuable consideration (the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged), irrevocably and severally coupled with an interest in this Deed appoints the Pledgee and each of its respective delegates and sub-delegates to be its attomey-in-fact to take any action which the Pledgor is obliged to take under this Deed. The Pledgor ratifies and confirms whatever any attomey-in-fact does or purports to do under its appointment under this Clause.

[TABLE] 13.2 | The power of attorney granted or otherwise made pursuant to this Deed is given by the Pledgor by way of further security for the Secured Liabilities and in order to more fully secure the performance of its obligations under this Deed and in consideration of the mutual covenants in this Deed and for other good and valuable consideration received by the Pledgor from the Pledgee (the receipt, sufficiency and adequacy of which consideration is hereby acknowledged and confirmed).

[TABLE] 14. | MISCELLANEOUS

[TABLE] 14.1 | Covenant to pay

[TABLE] 14.2 | Financial collateral

[TABLE] (a) | To the extent that the assets mortgaged or charged under this Deed constitute “financial collateral” and this Deed and the obligations of the Pledgor under this Deed constitute a “security financial collateral arrangement” (in each case for the purpose of and as defined in the Financial Collateral Law 2004 (Law 43(I)/ 2004) the Pledgee shall have the right after this Security has become enforceable to appropriate all or any part of that financial collateral in or towards the satisfaction of the Secured Liabilities.

[TABLE] (b) | For the purpose of paragraph (a) above, the value of the financial collateral appropriated shall be the Market Value.

[TABLE] 14.3 | Limited recourse

[TABLE] (a) | the sole recourse of the Pledgee to the Pledgor under this Deed is to the Pledgor’s interest in the Security Assets; and

[TABLE] (b) | the liability of the Pledgor to the Pledgee pursuant to or otherwise in connection with this Deed shall be:

[TABLE] (i) | limited in aggregate to an amount equal to that recovered as a result of enforcement of this Deed with respect to the Shares; and

[TABLE] (ii) | satisfied only from the proceeds of sale or other disposal or realisation of the Shares pursuant to this Deed.

[TABLE] 15. | RELEASE

[TABLE] (a) | deliver or caused to be delivered to the Pledgor or such other person, as the Pledgor may direct, the documents referred in Clause 5.1 hereof and any other documents delivered to the Pledgee pursuant to this Deed;

[TABLE] (b) | give notice of discharge of the pledge to the Company for the purpose of cancelling the memorandum of pledge made in its register of members pursuant to section 138(2) of the Contract Law, Cap. 149 (as amended); and

[TABLE] (c) | execute whatever documents and take whatever action is reasonably required to release the Security Assets from this Security and terminate any powers of attorney or other like appointments.

[TABLE] 16. | CHANGES TO THE PARTIES

[TABLE] 16.1 | The Pledgor

[TABLE] 16.2 | The Pledgee

[TABLE] 16.3 | Successors and Assigns

[TABLE] 17. | EVIDENCE AND CALCULATIONS

[TABLE] 17.1 | Accounts

[TABLE] 17.2 | Certificates and determinations

[TABLE] 18. | NOTICES

[TABLE] 18.1 | In writing

[TABLE] (a) | Any communication in connection with this Deed must be in writing and, unless otherwise stated, may be given in person, by international courier service, by fax or e-mail.

[TABLE] (b) | Unless it is agreed to the contrary, any consent or agreement required under this Deed must be given in writing.

[TABLE] 18.2 | Contact details

[TABLE] (a) | The contact details of the Pledgor for all notices in connection with this Deed are:

[TABLE] (b) | The contact details of the Pledgee for all notices in connection with this Deed are:

[TABLE] (c) | Any Party may change its contact details by giving five Business Days’ notice to the other Party.

[TABLE] 18.3 | Effectiveness

[TABLE] (a) | Any communication in connection with this Deed will be deemed to be given as follows:

[TABLE] (i) | if sent by fax or by other means allowing to determine that the message is sent by the Party to this Deed – upon receipt in eligible form;

[TABLE] (ii) | if delivered in person or sent by an international courier service, at the time of delivery.

[TABLE] (b) | A communication given under paragraph (a) above but received on a non-working day or after business hours in the place of receipt will only be deemed to be given on the next working day in that place.

[TABLE] 19. | LANGUAGE

[TABLE] 20. | SEVERABILITY

[TABLE] (a) | the legality, validity or enforceability in that jurisdiction of any other term of this Deed; or

[TABLE] (b) | the legality, validity or enforceability in any other jurisdiction of that or any other term of this Deed.

[TABLE] 21. | WAIVERS AND REMEDIES CUMULATIVE

[TABLE] (a) | may be exercised as often as necessary;

[TABLE] (b) | are cumulative and not exclusive of its rights under the general law; and

[TABLE] (c) | may be waived only in writing and specifically.

[TABLE] 22. | COUNTERPARTS

[TABLE] 23. | GOVERNING LAW

[TABLE] 24. | ENFORCEMENT

[TABLE] 24.1 | Jurisdiction

[TABLE] (a) | The courts of the Republic of Cyprus have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute in connection with this Deed.

[TABLE] (b) | The courts of the Republic of Cyprus are the most appropriate and convenient courts to settle any such dispute in connection with this Deed. The Pledgor agrees not to argue to the contrary and waives objection to those courts on the grounds of inconvenient forum or otherwise in relation to proceedings in connection with this Deed.

[TABLE] (c) | References in this Clause to a dispute in connection with this Deed includes any dispute as to the existence, validity or termination of this Deed.

[TABLE] 24.2 | Waiver of immunity

[TABLE] (a) | agrees not to claim any immunity from proceedings brought by the Pledgee against it in relation to this Deed and to ensure that no such claim is made on its behalf;

[TABLE] (b) | consents generally to the giving of any relief or the issue of any process in connection with those proceedings; and

[TABLE] (c) | waives all rights of immunity in respect of it or its assets.

[TABLE] Name of the Company | ZEMENIK TRADING LIMITED (registered number: HE 332806) (the “Company”)

[TABLE] Name and address of Transferor | [NAME OF PLEDGOR] of [ADDRESS] (the “Transferor”)

[TABLE] Name and address of Transferee | (the “Transferee”)

[TABLE] Number, Class and
Denomination of Shares | [ ? ] [ordinary] shares of [ ? ] each (the “Shares”)

[TABLE] Distinctive numbers of Shares | [ ? ] to [ ? ] inclusive

[TABLE] SIGNED as a DEED | )

[TABLE] by [NAME OF THE PLEDGOR] | )

[TABLE] [acting by its authorised attorney/director/signatory] | )

[TABLE] [NAME] | )

[TABLE] in the presence of: | )

[TABLE] Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] SIGNED as a DEED | )

[TABLE] by | )

[TABLE] acting by its authorised | )

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] in the presence of: | )

[TABLE] Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] 1. | APPOINTMENT AND POWERS

[TABLE] (a) | to exercise all rights in relation to [NUMBER] Ordinary shares of €1.00 each (the “Shares”) in ZEMENIK TRADING LIMITED (the “Company”) registered in the name of the Pledgor, which shares have been pledged to the Pledgee pursuant to a deed of pledge dated [DATE] between the Pledgor and the Pledgee (the “Deed of Pledge”), as the Attorney in its absolute discretion sees fit, including (but not limited to):

[TABLE] (i) | receiving notice of, attending and voting at any annual or extraordinary general meeting of the shareholders of the Company, including meetings of the members of any particular class of shareholder, and all or any adjournment of such meetings, or signing any resolution as registered holder of the Shares;

[TABLE] (ii) | completing and returning proxy cards, consents to short notice and any other documents required to be signed by the registered holder of the Shares;

[TABLE] (iii) | dealing with and giving directions as to any moneys, securities, benefits, documents, notices or other communications (in whatever form) arising by right of the Shares or received in connection with the Shares from the Company or any other person; and

[TABLE] (iv) | otherwise executing, delivering and doing all deeds, instruments and acts in the Pledgor’s name insofar as may be done in the Pledgor’s capacity as registered holder of the Shares; and

[TABLE] (b) | to execute, deliver and perfect all documents and do all things which an Attorney may consider to be required or desirable for:

[TABLE] (i) | carrying out any obligation imposed on the Pledgor by the Deed of Pledge (including the execution and delivery of any pledges, mortgages, charges, assignments or other security and any transfer of the Shares); and

[TABLE] (ii) | enabling the Pledgee to exercise, or delegate the exercise of, any of the rights, powers and authorities conferred on them by or pursuant to the Deed of Pledge or by law (including, the exercise of any right of a legal or beneficial owner of the Shares).

[TABLE] 2. | DELEGATION

[TABLE] 3. | SUBSTITUTE ATTORNEY

[TABLE] 4. | POWER BY WAY OF SECURITY

[TABLE] 5. | UNDERTAKINGS

[TABLE] (a) | indemnifies the Attorney and its officers against any loss or liability suffered by the Attorney or its officers in acting as the Pledgor’s attorney or under this power of attorney; and

[TABLE] (b) | agrees to ratify and confirm all things lawfully done and all documents executed by the Attorney or its officers in the proper exercise or purported exercise of all or any of its powers under this power of attorney.

[TABLE] 6. | JURISDICTION

[TABLE] SIGNED as a DEED | )

[TABLE] by [NAME OF THE PLEDGOR] | )

[TABLE] [acting by its authorised attorney/signatory/director] | )

[TABLE] [NAME] | )

[TABLE] in the presence of: | )

[TABLE] Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] Yours faithfully,

[TABLE] [NAME OF DIRECTOR/SECRETARY]

[TABLE] [Director/Secretary]

[TABLE] 1. | We hereby irrevocably authorise and undertake with the Pledgee that until the date on which all the Secured Liabilities have been unconditionally and irrevocably paid and discharged in full, we will not act alone or with any other person, enter into or accept or authorise any act or omission in contravention of the terms of the Facility Agreement or the Deed of Pledge; and

[TABLE] 2. | We hereby irrevocably authorise the Pledgee at any time on or after an Event of Default occurs under and as defined in the Facility Agreement, to date, use and otherwise put into full effect the undated letter of resignation delivered by me to the Pledgee pursuant to the Deed of Pledge.

[TABLE] KATERINA IOSIF
Director | PANAYIOTA STYLIANOU
Director

[TABLE] ALEXANDER ARBUZOV
Director | TOP SECRETARIAL LIMITED
Secretary

[TABLE] (a) | enter a Memorandum of this pledge in the Register of Members and against the Shares in respect of which this notice is given; and

[TABLE] (b) | issue to us a certificate acknowledging receipt of this notice and confirming that the aforesaid Memorandum has been made in the Register of Members.

[TABLE] Yours faithfully,

[TABLE] VTB BANK (PJSC)

[TABLE] 1. | have not received notice of the interest of any third party in the Shares and are not aware of any transfer of the Shares to a third party;

[TABLE] 2. | have not received notice of and are not aware of the Shares, the share certificates representing the Shares, or any rights attaching to the Shares being subject to any pledge or other security interest; and

[TABLE] 3. | Memoranda, substantially in the form set out in the Schedule below, have been made and registered in the Register of Members of the Company in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Deed of Pledge.

[TABLE] Yours faithfully,

[TABLE] TOP SECRETARIAL LIMITED

[TABLE] Secretary of

[TABLE] ZEMENIK TRADING LIMITED

[TABLE] 1. | BACKGROUND

[TABLE] 2. | RESOLUTIONS

[TABLE] (a) | THAT that the terms of, and the transactions contemplated, by the Deed of Pledge and any related documents be and are hereby approved;

[TABLE] (b) | THAT any transfer of Shares made by the Pledgee on enforcement of the Deed of Pledge be and is hereby approved.

[TABLE] (c) | THAT the Secretary be and is hereby authorised and instructed:

[TABLE] (i) | upon receipt of a notice in respect of the Deed of Pledge, to enter a memorandum of pledge in the Company’s register of members against the Shares and to issue a certificate to the Pledgee confirming the same in accordance with the terms of the Deed of Pledge; and

[TABLE] (ii) | upon receipt of an instrument of transfer of any Shares, to enter the name of the relevant transferee in the register of members of the Company and file the relevant company forms with the Registrar of Companies.

[TABLE] KATERINA IOSIF
Director | PANAYIOTA STYLIANOU
Director

[TABLE] ALEXANDER ARBUZOV
Director

[TABLE] SECRETARY’S CONFIRMATION

[TABLE] ZEMENIK TRADING LIMITED | ZEMENIK TRADING LIMITED

[TABLE] HE 332806 | HE 332806

[TABLE] (the “Company”)

[TABLE] Registrar of Companies & Official Receiver

[TABLE] Department of Registrar of Companies and Official Receiver

[TABLE] Date:

[TABLE] Secretary’s Confirmation

[TABLE] We the undersigned, being the Secretary of the Company hereby certify that the changes set out in the attached filing forms are true, accurate and in accordance with the corporate registers of the Company.

[TABLE] [Secretary]

[TABLE] [INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK FOR THE NEW SECRETARY TO SIGN] | [INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK FOR THE NEW SECRETARY TO SIGN]

[TABLE] SIGNED as a DEED | )

[TABLE] by [NAME OF SHAREHOLDER] | )

[TABLE] acting by its authorised attorney/signatory/director | )

[TABLE] [NAME OF SIGNATORY] | )

[TABLE] in the presence of: | )

[TABLE] Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] Pledgor

[TABLE] SIGNED as a DEED | )

[TABLE] by ELQ INVESTORS VIII LTD | )

[TABLE] acting by its authorised | )

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] in the presence of: | )

[TABLE] Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] Pledgee

[TABLE] SIGNED as a DEED | )

[TABLE] by VTB BANK (PJSC) | )

[TABLE] acting by its authorised | )

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] in the presence of: | )

[TABLE] Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] SIGNATORIES

[TABLE] Pledgor

[TABLE] SIGNED as a DEED | )

[TABLE] by ELQ INVESTORS VIII LTD | )

[TABLE] acting by its authorised | )

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] in the presence of: | )

[TABLE] Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] Pledgee

[TABLE] SIGNED as a DEED | )

[TABLE] by VTB BANK (PJSC) | )

[TABLE] acting by its authorised | )

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] in the presence of: | )

[TABLE] Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] Clause | Page | Page

[TABLE] 1. | INTERPRETATION | 1

[TABLE] 2. | CONFIRMATION | 1

[TABLE] 3. | FURTHER ASSURANCES | 2

[TABLE] 4. | COUNTERPARTS | 2

[TABLE] 5. | GOVERNING LAW | 2

[TABLE] 6. | ENFORCEMENT | 2

[TABLE] (1) | ELQ INVESTORS VIII LTD, a company organised and existing under the laws of England and Wales having its registered office address at Peterborough Court, 133 Fleet Street, London, EC4A 2BB, United Kingdom with registration number 9182214 (hereinafter the “Pledgor”);

[TABLE] (2) | VTB BANK (PJSC), a bank organised under the laws of the Russian Federation under primary state registration number 1027739609391, whose registered office is at Ul. Bolshaya Morskaya 29, St. Petersburg 190000, the Russian Federation (hereinafter the “Pledgee”).

[TABLE] (A) | Pursuant to a facility agreement dated 16 May 2016 as amended by the amendment agreement No. 1 dated 14 December 2016, the amendment agreement No. 2 dated 28 June 2017 and as amended and restated by the amendment agreement No. 3 dated on or about the date hereof (the “Facility Agreement”) between LLC ZEMENIK, a company incorporated in Russia with registration number 1167746153860, whose registered office is at Akademika Iljushina Street 4, Block 1, Office 54, Moscow, Russia as borrower and the Pledgee as arranger, facility agent and original lender, the parties thereto agreed, inter alia, that the Pledgor enters into the Deed of Pledge (as defined below) in favour of the Pledgee.

[TABLE] (B) | The Pledgor and the Pledgee have agreed to enter into this Deed for the purpose of confirming the security granted under the Deed of Pledge.

[TABLE] 1. | INTERPRETATION

[TABLE] 1.1 | Definitions

[TABLE] 1.2 | Construction

[TABLE] (a) | Capitalised terms defined in the Deed of Pledge have, unless expressly defined in this Deed, the same meaning in this Deed.

[TABLE] (b) | The provisions of clause 1.2 of the Deed of Pledge apply to this Deed as if they were set out in full in this Deed.

[TABLE] 2. | CONFIRMATION

[TABLE] (a) | The Pledgor acknowledges and consents to the amendment agreement no. 3 to the Facility Agreement.

[TABLE] (b) | The Pledgor confirms, consents and agrees that the Deed of Pledge remains valid and binding on the Pledgor and that the security granted pursuant to the Deed of Pledge remains valid and is continuing security for the Secured Liabilities.

[TABLE] 3. | FURTHER ASSURANCES

[TABLE] 4. | COUNTERPARTS

[TABLE] 5. | GOVERNING LAW

[TABLE] 6. | ENFORCEMENT

[TABLE] 6.1 | Jurisdiction

[TABLE] (a) | The courts of the Republic of Cyprus have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute in connection with this Deed.

[TABLE] (b) | The courts of the Republic of Cyprus are the most appropriate and convenient courts to settle any such dispute in connection with this Deed. The Pledgor agrees not to argue to the contrary and waive objection to those courts on the grounds of inconvenient forum or otherwise in relation to proceedings in connection with this Deed.

[TABLE] (c) | References in this Clause to a dispute in connection with this Deed includes any dispute as to the existence, validity or termination of this Deed.

[TABLE] 6.2 | Waiver of immunity

[TABLE] (a) | agrees not to claim any immunity from proceedings brought by the Pledgee against them in relation to this Deed and to ensure that no such claim is made on their behalf;

[TABLE] (b) | consents generally to the giving of any relief or the issue of any process in connection with those proceedings; and

[TABLE] (c) | waives all rights of immunity in respect of them or their assets.

[TABLE] SIGNATORIES

[TABLE] Pledgor

[TABLE] SIGNED as a DEED | )

[TABLE] by ELQ INVESTORS VIII LTD | )

[TABLE] acting by its authorised director | )

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] in the presence of: | )

[TABLE] 3. | Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] 4. | Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] Pledgee

[TABLE] SIGNED as a DEED | )

[TABLE] by VTB BANK (PJSC) | )

[TABLE] acting by its authorised representative | )

[TABLE] Vitaly Buzoverya | )

[TABLE] in the presence of: | )

[TABLE] 1. | Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] 2. | Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] (1) | ELQ INVESTORS VIII LTD, a company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales with registration number 9182214, whose registered office is at Peterborough Court, 133 Fleet Street, London, EC4A 2BB, United Kingdom (the “Released Party”);

[TABLE] (2) | ZEMENIK TRADING LIMITED, a company incorporated in Cyprus with registration number HE 332806, whose registered office is at 42 Dositheou, Strovolos 2028, Nicosia, Cyprus (the “Company”); and

[TABLE] (3) | VTB BANK (PJSC), a bank organised under the laws of the Russian Federation under primary state registration number 1027739609391, whose registered office is at Ul. Bolshaya Morskaya, 29, St. Petersburg 190000, Russian Federation (the “Pledgee”).

[TABLE] (A) | On 16 May 2016, LLC Zemenik, a company incorporated in the Russian Federation with registration number 1167746153860, whose registered address is at office 54, Akademika Iljushina Street 4, block 1, Moscow, Russian Federation as borrower (the “Borrower”) and the Pledgee as lender entered into a facility Agreement (as amended or supplemented from time to time) (the “Facility Agreement”).

[TABLE] (B) | The Released Party as pledgor and the Pledgee as pledgee entered into a deed of pledge dated 27 December 2016 (the “Deed of Pledge”) pursuant to which the Released Party pledged in favour of the Pledgee 40,000 ordinary shares of €1.00 each owned by it in the share capital of the Company. The Deed of Pledge was entered into as security for the payment, discharge and performance of the Secured Liabilities.

[TABLE] (C) | The Company, the Released Party and the Pledgee have agreed to terminate the Deed of Pledge and release the Released Assets (as defined below) from the pledge created thereunder on the terms and subject to the conditions set out herein.

[TABLE] (D) | It is intended that this document takes effect as a deed.

[TABLE] 1. | INTERPRETATION

[TABLE] 1.1 | Definitions

[TABLE] (a) | 40,000 ordinary shares of €1.00 (one euro) each, held by the Released Party in the Company, which in aggregate represent 40% of the issued shares in the Company, and any further shares in the capital of the Company at or after the date of the Deed of Pledge legally and/or beneficially owned by the Released Party or in which the Released Party has an interest (the “Shares”);

[TABLE] (b) | all the share certificates representing the Shares and any substitute share certificate or share certificates representing the Shares; and

[TABLE] (b) | in relation to any Shares, all dividends and other distributions paid or payable as at or after the date of the Deed of Pledge on all or any of such Shares and all stocks, shares, securities (and the dividends or interest thereon), rights, money or property accruing or offered at any time by way of issue, redemption, bonus, preference, option rights or otherwise to or in respect of any of such Shares or in substitution or exchange for any such Shares.

[TABLE] 1.2 | Construction

[TABLE] 2. | RELEASE

[TABLE] (a) | releases and discharges the Released Assets from all security interests created under or evidenced by the Deed of Pledge and surrenders, reassigns, releases and retransfers to the Released Party all right, interest, asset and title, pledged, mortgaged, charged, assigned, transferred, deposited, set over and confirmed in favour of the Pledgee in and to the Released Assets; and

[TABLE] (b) | releases and discharges the Released Party from all of its covenants, guarantees, undertakings, claims, demands and all present and future obligations and liabilities (both actual and contingent) under the Deed of Pledge.

[TABLE] 3. | TERMINATION

[TABLE] 3.1 | The Released Party and the Pledgee agree that on the date of this Deed of Release, the security created over the Released Assets pursuant to the Deed of Pledge shall be terminated and cancelled and no party thereto shall have or be entitled to exercise any rights it may have under the Deed of Pledge.

[TABLE] 3.2 | The memorandum of pledge made in the register of members of the Company against the Shares and the secretary’s certificate issued by the secretary of the Company and delivered to the Pledgee pursuant to the Deed of Pledge and the provisions of section 138 of the Cyprus Contract Law, Cap. 149, as amended, as well as any other document that has been submitted to the Pledgee pursuant to the terms of the Deed of Pledge shall, as from the date hereof, be of no legal effect or validity whatsoever.

[TABLE] 4. | FURTHER ASSURANCE

[TABLE] 4.1 | Unless otherwise agreed by the parties on the date of this Deed of Release, the Pledgee shall deliver to the secretary of the Company the share certificates representing the Shares and destroy all other original documents or instruments provided to the Pledgee by the Released Party pursuant to the Deed of Pledge as follows:

[TABLE] (a) | the blank instrument of transfer with respect to the Shares signed by the Released Party;

[TABLE] (b) | the irrevocable proxy and power of attorney dated 27 December 2016 signed by the Released Party;

[TABLE] (c) | the undated letters of resignation signed by each of the directors and secretary of the Company;

[TABLE] (d) | the letters of authority and undertaking signed by each of the directors and secretary of the Company; and

[TABLE] (e) | the undated board resolution of the Company signed by the directors of the Company.

[TABLE] 4.2 | The appointment of the Pledgee as the attorney-in-fact as set forth in the Deed of Pledge and the appointment of any other person nominated by the Pledgee as attorney of the Released Party pursuant to the Deed of Pledge and/or pursuant to the irrevocable proxy and power of attorney dated 27 December 2016 signed by the Released Party is hereby immediately terminated as of the date of this Deed of Release.

[TABLE] 4.3 | By virtue of the execution of this Deed of Release, the Company takes notice of the release effected by this Deed of Release and the Company shall take all steps necessary to ensure that the memorandum of pledge made in the register of members of the Company pursuant to section 138(2) of the Cyprus Contract Law, Cap 149, as amended, is removed with respect to the Released Assets.

[TABLE] 4.4 | The Pledgee will, at the request and cost of the Company, take whatever action is reasonably necessary to give effect to Clause 2 (Release) of this Deed of Release.

[TABLE] 5. | EXPENSES

[TABLE] 6. | COUNTERPARTS

[TABLE] 7. | ASSIGNMENT

[TABLE] 7.1 | This Deed of Release shall be binding and be enforceable by and against the respective successors and assignees of the Pledgee and the Released Party.

[TABLE] 7.2 | The Parties may not assign or transfer any of their rights or obligations under this Deed without the prior written consent of the other Party either at law or in equity.

[TABLE] 8. | MISCELLANEOUS

[TABLE] 8.1 | Any provision of this Deed of Release prohibited by or unlawful or unenforceable under any applicable law shall (to the extent required by such law) be ineffective without modifying the remaining provisions of this Deed of Release but where the provisions of any such applicable law may be waived, they are hereby waived to the full extent permitted by such law to the end that this Deed of Release shall be valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with its terms.

[TABLE] 8.2 | No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder and no course of dealing between the Pledgee and the Released Party shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege preclude any other or further exercise thereof, or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. The rights and remedies herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law.

[TABLE] 9. | GOVERNING LAW

[TABLE] 9.1 | This Deed of Release and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Cyprus law.

[TABLE] 9.2 | The Courts of Cyprus shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Deed of Release, including any question regarding its existence, validity or termination or the consequences of its nullity or any non-contractual obligation arising out of or in connection with this Deed of Release.

[TABLE] The Released Party

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] EXECUTED AND DELIVERED AS A | )

[TABLE] DEED for and on behalf of ELQ | )

[TABLE] INVESTORS VIII LTD | )

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] Signature of Witness | Signature of Witness | Signature of Witness

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] Address:

[TABLE] Occupation:

[TABLE] The Company

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] EXECUTED AND DELIVERED AS A | )

[TABLE] DEED for and on behalf of ZEMENIK | )

[TABLE] TRADING LIMITED | )

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] Signature of Witness | Signature of Witness | Signature of Witness

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] Address:

[TABLE] Occupation:

[TABLE] The Released Party

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] EXECUTED AND DELIVERED AS A | )

[TABLE] DEED for and on behalf of ELQ | )

[TABLE] INVESTORS VIII LTD | )

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] Signature of Witness | Signature of Witness | Signature of Witness

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] Address:

[TABLE] Occupation:

[TABLE] The Company

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] EXECUTED AND DELIVERED AS A | )

[TABLE] DEED for and on behalf of ZEMENIK | )

[TABLE] TRADING LIMITED | )

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] Signature of Witness | Signature of Witness | Signature of Witness

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] Address:

[TABLE] Occupation:

[TABLE] The Pledgee

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] EXECUTED AND DELIVERED AS A | )

[TABLE] DEED for and on behalf of VTB BANK | )

[TABLE] (PJSC) | )

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] Signature of Witness | Signature of Witness | Signature of Witness

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] Address:

[TABLE] Occupation:

[TABLE] Clause | Page | Page

[TABLE] 1. | INTERPRETATION | 1

[TABLE] 2. | CREATION OF SECURITY | 4

[TABLE] 3. | REPRESENTATIONS | 4

[TABLE] 4. | RESTRICTIONS ON DEALINGS | 6

[TABLE] 5. | SHARES | 7

[TABLE] 6. | PRESERVATION OF SECURITY | 9

[TABLE] 7. | WHEN SECURITY BECOMES ENFORCEABLE | 11

[TABLE] 8. | ENFORCEMENT OF SECURITY | 11

[TABLE] 9. | RECEIVER | 14

[TABLE] 10. | POWERS OF RECEIVER | 15

[TABLE] 11. | APPLICATION OF PROCEEDS | 16

[TABLE] 12. | EXPENSES AND INDEMNITY | 17

[TABLE] 13. | DELEGATION | 17

[TABLE] 14. | FURTHER ASSURANCES | 17

[TABLE] 15. | POWER OF ATTORNEY | 18

[TABLE] 16. | REGISTRATION OF SECURITY | 18

[TABLE] 17. | MISCELLANEOUS | 19

[TABLE] 18. | RELEASE | 19

[TABLE] 19. | CHANGES TO THE PARTIES | 20

[TABLE] 20. | EVIDENCE AND CALCULATIONS | 20

[TABLE] 21. | NOTICES | 20

[TABLE] 22. | LANGUAGE | 21

[TABLE] 23. | SEVERABILITY | 21

[TABLE] 24. | WAIVERS AND REMEDIES CUMULATIVE | 22

[TABLE] 25. | COUNTERPARTS | 22

[TABLE] 26. | GOVERNING LAW | 22

[TABLE] 27. | ENFORCEMENT | 22

[TABLE] SCHEDULE 1 | SCHEDULE 1 | SCHEDULE 1 | 23

[TABLE] INSTRUMENT OF TRANSFER | INSTRUMENT OF TRANSFER | INSTRUMENT OF TRANSFER | INSTRUMENT OF TRANSFER | INSTRUMENT OF TRANSFER | INSTRUMENT OF TRANSFER

[TABLE] SCHEDULE 2 | SCHEDULE 2 | SCHEDULE 2 | 24

[TABLE] IRREVOCABLE PROXY AND POWER OF ATTORNEY | IRREVOCABLE PROXY AND POWER OF ATTORNEY | IRREVOCABLE PROXY AND POWER OF ATTORNEY | IRREVOCABLE PROXY AND POWER OF ATTORNEY | IRREVOCABLE PROXY AND POWER OF ATTORNEY | IRREVOCABLE PROXY AND POWER OF ATTORNEY

[TABLE] SCHEDULE 3 | SCHEDULE 3 | SCHEDULE 3 | 26

[TABLE] LETTER OF RESIGNATION | LETTER OF RESIGNATION | LETTER OF RESIGNATION | LETTER OF RESIGNATION | LETTER OF RESIGNATION | LETTER OF RESIGNATION

[TABLE] SCHEDULE 4 | SCHEDULE 4 | SCHEDULE 4 | 27

[TABLE] LETTER OF AUTHORITY AND UNDERTAKING | LETTER OF AUTHORITY AND UNDERTAKING | LETTER OF AUTHORITY AND UNDERTAKING | LETTER OF AUTHORITY AND UNDERTAKING | LETTER OF AUTHORITY AND UNDERTAKING | LETTER OF AUTHORITY AND UNDERTAKING

[TABLE] SCHEDULE 5 | SCHEDULE 5 | SCHEDULE 5 | 28

[TABLE] NOTICE OF PLEDGE | NOTICE OF PLEDGE | NOTICE OF PLEDGE

[TABLE] SCHEDULE 6 | SCHEDULE 6 | SCHEDULE 6 | 29

[TABLE] SECRETARY’S CERTIFICATE | SECRETARY’S CERTIFICATE | SECRETARY’S CERTIFICATE

[TABLE] SCHEDULE 7 | SCHEDULE 7 | SCHEDULE 7 | 31

[TABLE] BOARD RESOLUTION | BOARD RESOLUTION | BOARD RESOLUTION

[TABLE] SCHEDULE 8 | SCHEDULE 8 | SCHEDULE 8 | 32

[TABLE] SCHEDULE 9 | SCHEDULE 9 | SCHEDULE 9 | 33

[TABLE] WAIVER OF PRE-EMPTION RIGHTS | WAIVER OF PRE-EMPTION RIGHTS | WAIVER OF PRE-EMPTION RIGHTS

[TABLE] (1) | HIGHWORLD INVESTMENTS LIMITED, a company incorporated tinder the laws of British Virgin Islands, whose registered office is at Trident Chambers, Road Town, P.O. Box 146, Tortola, British Virgin Islands (the “Pledgor”); and

[TABLE] (2) | JSC VTB BANK, a bank organised under the laws of the Russian Federation under primary state registration number 1027739609391, whose registered office is at Ul. Bolshaya Morskaya, 29, St. Petersburg 190000, Russian Federation (the “Pledgee”).

[TABLE] (A) | The Pledgor is the owner of 60% of the issued share capital of the Company (as defined below).

[TABLE] (B) | The Pledgor enters into this Deed in connection with the Facility Agreement (as defined below).

[TABLE] 1. | INTERPRETATION

[TABLE] 1.1 | Definitions

[TABLE] (a) | it is unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or

[TABLE] (b) | the value of its liabilities (including its contingent and prospective liabilities) exceeds the value of its assets; or

[TABLE] (c) | it fails to comply with the requirements of a statutory demand that has not been set aside under Section 157 of the Insolvency Act, 2003 (as amended) of the BVI (the “BVI Insolvency Act”); or

[TABLE] (d) | execution or other process issued on a judgment, decree or order of a court in favour of a creditor of it is returned wholly or partly unsatisfied; or

[TABLE] (e) | a compromise or arrangement has been proposed, agreed to or sanctioned under any of Sections 177, 178 and 179A of the BVI Business Companies Act, 2004 (as amended) of the British Virgin Islands (the BVI Companies Act) in respect of it, or an application has been made to, or filed with, a court for permission to convene a meeting to vote on a proposal for any such compromise or arrangement; or

[TABLE] (f) | action is being taken by the BVI Registrar of Corporate Affairs (the “BVI Registrar”) pursuant to Section 213 of the BVI Companies Act to dissolve or strike it off the BVI

[TABLE] (g) | it has taken any action or steps have been taken or legal proceedings have been started against it in any jurisdiction (except when such proceedings are dismissed by the competent court within 30 days) for (i) its winding up, liquidation, administration, dissolution, amalgamation, reconstruction, reorganisation, arrangement, adjustment, consolidation or protection or relief of creditors (whether by way of voluntary

[TABLE] arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise), or (ii) the enforcement of any security interest all or substantially all of its assets; or (iii) the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, controller, inspector, manager, supervisor, administrative receiver, administrator, trustee or similar officer or official of it or of any or all of its assets.

[TABLE] 1.2 | Construction

[TABLE] (a) | In this Deed and any certificate or other document delivered pursuant hereto, unless otherwise expressly provided herein or therein or unless the context requires another meaning, capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings specified in the Facility Agreement, by reference or otherwise (and each such term is thereby incorporated by reference herein for such use). To the extent such terms are defined by reference to another agreement or document, such terms shall continue to have their original definitions despite any termination, expiration or amendment of such agreement or document, unless the parties agree otherwise in writing.

[TABLE] (b) | In this Deed, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to:

[TABLE] (i) | an “amendment” includes a supplement, novation, restatement or re-enactment and “amended” will be construed accordingly;

[TABLE] (ii) | “assets” includes present and future properties, revenues and rights of every description;

[TABLE] (iii) | an “authorisation” includes an authorisation, consent, approval, resolution, licence, exemption, filing, registration or notarisation;

[TABLE] (iv) | “disposal” means a sale, transfer, grant, lease or other disposal, whether voluntary or involuntary, and “dispose” will be construed accordingly;

[TABLE] (v) | a “person” includes any individual, company, corporation, unincorporated association or body (including a partnership, trust, joint venture or consortium), government, state, agency, organisation or other entity whether or not having separate legal personality;

[TABLE] (vi) | a provision of law is a reference to that provision as extended, applied, amended or re-enacted and includes any subordinate legislation;

[TABLE] (vii) | a Clause, a Subclause or a Schedule is a reference to a clause or subclause of, or a schedule to, this Agreement; and (viii) a Party or any other person includes its successors in title, permitted assigns and permitted transferees.

[TABLE] (c) | Where the context so admits, the singular includes die plural and vice versa.

[TABLE] (d) | A reference to a Security Document or other document or security includes (without prejudice to any prohibition on amendments) any amendment however fundamental to that Security Document or other document or security, including any change in the purpose of, any extension or any increase in the amount of a facility or any additional facility.

[TABLE] (e) | Any covenant of the Pledgor under this Deed (other than a payment obligation) remains in force during the Security Period.

[TABLE] (f) | If the Pledgee reasonably considers that an amount paid to it under this Deed is capable of being avoided or otherwise set aside on the liquidation or administration of the payer or otherwise, then that amount will not be considered to have been irrevocably paid for the purposes of this Deed.

[TABLE] (g) | Unless the context otherwise requires, a reference to a Security Asset includes the proceeds of sale of that Security Asset.

[TABLE] 2. | CREATION OF SECURITY

[TABLE] 2.1 | General

[TABLE] (i) | is created in favour of the Pledgee; and

[TABLE] (ii) | is continuing security for the payment, discharge and performance of all the Secured Liabilities.

[TABLE] 2.2 | Security

[TABLE] (a) | as a registered holder of the Shares, pledges to the Pledgee the Share Certificates; and

[TABLE] (b) | mortgages (by way of equitable mortgage), charges, transfers, assigns, deposits and sets over to the Pledgee all the Shares and all Related Rights.

[TABLE] 3. | REPRESENTATIONS

[TABLE] 3.1 | Representations

[TABLE] 3.2 | Status

[TABLE] (a) | It is a company, duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation.

[TABLE] (b) | It is not in liquidation and no winding-up, liquidation or similar proceedings are current, pending or threatened against it.

[TABLE] 3.3 | Powers and authorities

[TABLE] 3.4 | Legal validity

[TABLE] 3.5 | Non-conflict

[TABLE] (a) | any law or regulation applicable to it; or

[TABLE] (b) | its constitutional documents; or

[TABLE] (c) | any document which is binding upon it or any of its assets.

[TABLE] 3.6 | Authorisations

[TABLE] 3.7 | Nature of security

[TABLE] 3.8 | Shares

[TABLE] (a) | The Shares have been duly authorised, validly issued and are fully paid;

[TABLE] (b) | the Shares and the Related Rights are free and clear of any Security Interests and are not subject to any charging pursuant to the Charging Order Law 1992 (Law 31 (I)/92);

[TABLE] (c) | the Shares represent 60% of the issued share capital of the Company and other than the remaining 40%, there are no other equity or ownership interests in the Company, options or rights to acquire or subscribe for any such interests or securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for any such interests;

[TABLE] (d) | no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings are current or pending or, to its knowledge, threatened, involving or affecting the Security Assets, and none of the Security Assets are subject to any order, writ, injunction, execution or attachment; and

[TABLE] (e) | the Pledgor is the sole registered legal and beneficial owner of, and has the power to transfer and grant a security interest in, the Shares and the Related Rights and the lawful holder of the Share Certificates.

[TABLE] 3.9 | Immunity

[TABLE] (a) | The execution by it of this Deed constitutes, and the exercise by it of its rights and performance of its obligations under this Deed will constitute, private and commercial acts performed for private and commercial purposes.

[TABLE] (b) | It will not be entitled to claim immunity from suit, execution, attachment or other legal process in any proceedings taken in its jurisdiction of incorporation in relation to this Deed.

[TABLE] 3.10 | No adverse consequences

[TABLE] (a) | It is not necessary under the laws of the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Pledgor or the Company:

[TABLE] (i) | in order to enable the Pledgee to enforce its rights under this Deed; or

[TABLE] (ii) | by reason of the execution of any Security Document or the performance by it of its obligations under this Deed, that the Pledgee should be licensed, qualified or otherwise entitled to carry on business in the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Pledgor or the Company.

[TABLE] (b) | The Pledgee is not and will not be deemed to be resident, domiciled or carrying on business in the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Pledgor or the Company by reason only of the execution, performance and/or enforcement of this Deed.

[TABLE] 3.11 | Jurisdiction/governing law

[TABLE] (a) | Its:

[TABLE] (i) | irrevocable submission under this Deed to the jurisdiction of the courts of the Republic of Cyprus;

[TABLE] (ii) | agreement that this Deed is governed by Cyprus law; and

[TABLE] (iii) | agreement not to claim any immunity to which it or its assets may be entitled, are legal, valid and binding under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation; and

[TABLE] (b) | Any judgment obtained in Cyprus in connection with this Deed will be recognised and be enforceable by the courts of its jurisdiction of incorporation.

[TABLE] 3.12 | Times for making representations

[TABLE] (a) | The representations set out in this Deed (including in this Clause) are made on the date of this Deed.

[TABLE] (b) | Unless a representation is expressed to be given at a specific date, each representation under this Deed is deemed to be repeated by the Pledgor during the Security Period on the date of each drawdown, each drawdown request and the first day of each interest period as provided by the Facility Agreement.

[TABLE] (c) | When a representation is repeated, it is applied to the circumstances existing at the time of repetition.

[TABLE] 4. | RESTRICTIONS ON DEALINGS

[TABLE] (a) | create or allow to subsist any Security Interest (other than pursuant to this Deed or the Facility Agreement) on any Security Asset and must at all times warrant and defend the Pledgee’s security interest in the Security Assets against all other Security Interests and claimants;

[TABLE] (b) | sell, transfer, licence, lease, assign or otherwise encumber or dispose of any Security Asset; or

[TABLE] (c) | do, or permit to be done, any act or thing which would or might depreciate, jeopardise or otherwise prejudice the Security Asset or materially diminish the value of any Security Asset or the effectiveness of this Security.

[TABLE] 5. | SHARES

[TABLE] 5.1 | Deposit

[TABLE] (a) | the Share Certificates;

[TABLE] (b) | undated instrument of transfer of the Shares in the form set out in Schedule 1 (Instrument of Transfer), duly executed by the Pledgor as transferor in the presence of one witness, with the details of the transferee to be left blank;

[TABLE] (c) | irrevocable proxy and power of attorney in the form set out in Schedule 2 (Irrevocable Proxy and Power of Attorney), duly executed by the Pledgor;

[TABLE] (d) | undated letters of resignation, in the form set out in Schedule 3 (Letter of Resignation), duly signed by the Directors and the Secretary of the Company;

[TABLE] (e) | a letter of authority and undertaking, in the form set out in Schedule 4 (Letter of Authority and Undertaking), duly signed by the Directors and the Secretary of the Company;

[TABLE] (f) | a written board resolution of the Company, in the form set out in Schedule 7 (Board Resolution), duly passed by the Directors of the Company;

[TABLE] (g) | an undated confirmation of the Secretary of the Company in the form set out in Schedule 8 (Secretary’s Confirmation); and

[TABLE] (h) | waivers of pre-emption rights in the form set out in Schedule 9 (Waiver of Pre-emption Rights) duly signed by all the shareholders of the Company other than the Pledgor.

[TABLE] 5.2 | Memorandum of Pledge

[TABLE] (a) | that a memorandum of pledge is made in the Register of Members of the Company against the Shares; and

[TABLE] (b) | that the Secretary of the Company delivers to the Pledgee a certificate in the form set out in Schedule 6 (Secretary’s Certificate) together with an updated copy of the Register of Members of the Company.

[TABLE] 5.3 | Changes to rights

[TABLE] (a) | in the name of the Company being changed;

[TABLE] (b) | in the rights attaching to any Security Asset being altered;

[TABLE] (c) | further shares in the Company being issued, without the prior written consent of the Pledgee. In the event that such consent is given, the Pledgor must:

[TABLE] (i) | execute and deliver to the Pledgee such further or additional security documents in relation to such further shares; and

[TABLE] (ii) | deliver or procure the delivery to the Pledgee of such other documents (including, those documents referred to in Subclauses 5.1 and 5.2) in relation to those further shares,

[TABLE] (d) | in new Directors, Secretary or other officers of the Company being appointed, without the prior written consent of the Pledgee. In the event that such consent is given, the Pledgor must promptly upon any new Director, Secretary or other officer of the Company being appointed deliver or procure the delivery to the Pledgee of the documents referred to under Subclauses 5.1(d) and (e) for each new Director. Secretary or other officer of the Company.

[TABLE] 5.4 | Calls

[TABLE] (a) | The Pledgor must pay when due all calls, taxes, charges or other payments due and payable in respect of any Security Asset.

[TABLE] (b) | If the Pledgor fails to do so, the Pledgee may pay the calls, taxes, charges or other payments on behalf of the Pledgor. The Pledgor must promptly on request reimburse the Pledgee for any payment made by the Pledgee under this Subclause.

[TABLE] 5.5 | Other obligations in respect of Security Assets

[TABLE] (a) | (i)The Pledgor must comply with all requests for information relating to any Security Asset which is within its knowledge and which it is required to comply with by any law or its constitutional documents. If the Pledgor fails to do so, the Pledgee may elect to provide any information which it may have on behalf of the Pledgor.

[TABLE] (ii) | The Pledgor must promptly supply a copy to the Pledgee of any information referred to in sub-paragraph (i) above.

[TABLE] (b) | The Pledgor must comply with all other conditions and obligations assumed by it in respect of any Security Assets.

[TABLE] (c) | The Pledgee is not obliged to:

[TABLE] (i) | perform any obligation of the Pledgor;

[TABLE] (ii) | make any payment;

[TABLE] (iii) | make any enquiry as to the nature or sufficiency of any payment received by it or the Pledgor; or

[TABLE] (iv) | present or file any claim or take any other action to collect or enforce the payment of any amount to which it may be entitled under this Deed,

[TABLE] 5.6 | Voting rights

[TABLE] (a) | Before this Security becomes enforceable, the Pledgor may continue to exercise and benefit from the voting rights, right to receive dividends and any other distributions in respect of the Security Assets in accordance with the terms provided by the Facility Agreement, powers and other rights in respect of and attaching to the Security Assets.

[TABLE] (b) | After this Security has become enforceable:

[TABLE] (i) | all rights of the Pledgor to exercise voting and other consensual rights with respect to the Security Assets and to receive dividends and other payments in respect of the Security Assets will cease, and all these rights will immediately become vested solely in the Pledgee or its nominees, and the Pledgor grants the Pledgee or its nominees the Pledgor’s irrevocable and unconditional proxy for this purpose;

[TABLE] (ii) | any dividends and other payments in respect of the Security Assets received by the Pledgor will be held in trust for the Pledgee, and the Pledgor will keep all such amounts separate and apart from all other funds and property so as to be capable of identification as the property of the Pledgee and will deliver these amounts at such time as the Pledgee may request to the Pledgee in the identical form received;

[TABLE] (iii) | the Pledgee may exercise (in the name of the Pledgor and without any further consent or authority on the part of the Pledgor) any voting rights and any powers or rights which may be exercised by the legal or beneficial owner of the Shares, any person who is the holder of any Shares or otherwise; and

[TABLE] (iv) | the Pledgee may receive, collect, recover, sue for and if necessary use the name of the Pledgor for the recovery of all dividends or other distributions on all or any of the Shares.

[TABLE] 6. | PRESERVATION OF SECURITY

[TABLE] 6.1 | Continuing security

[TABLE] 6.2 | Reinstatement

[TABLE] (a) | If any discharge (whether in respect of the obligations of the Pledgor or any security for those obligations or otherwise) or arrangement is made in whole or in part on the faith of any payment, security or other disposition which is avoided or must be restored on insolvency, winding-up. liquidation, administration or otherwise without limitation, the liability of the Pledgor under this Deed will continue or be reinstated as if the discharge or arrangement had not occurred.

[TABLE] (b) | The Pledgee may concede or compromise any claim that any payment, security or other disposition is liable to avoidance or restoration.

[TABLE] 6.3 | Waiver of defences

[TABLE] (a) | any time, forbearance, extension or waiver granted to, or composition or compromise with, any person;

[TABLE] (b) | any release of any person under the terms of any composition or arrangement;

[TABLE] (c) | the taking, variation, compromise, exchange, renewal or release of, or refusal or neglect to perfect, take up or enforce, any rights against, or security over assets of, any person;

[TABLE] (d) | any non-presentation or non-observance of any formality or other requirement in respect of any instrument or any failure to realise the full value of any security;

[TABLE] (e) | any incapacity or lack of power, authority or legal personality of or dissolution or change in the members or status of any person;

[TABLE] (f) | any amendment (however fundamental), restatement or novation of a Security Document or any other document, guarantee or security;

[TABLE] (g) | any unenforceability, illegality, invalidity or non-provability of any obligation of any person under any Security Document or any other document, guarantee or security or the failure by any member of the Group to enter into or be bound by any Security Document;

[TABLE] (h) | the acceptance or taking of other guaranties or security for the Secured Liabilities, or the settlement, release or substitution of any guaranty or security or of any endorser or guarantor in respect of the Secured Liabilities; or

[TABLE] (i) | any insolvency or similar proceedings, including any BVI Insolvency Event.

[TABLE] 6.4 | Immediate recourse

[TABLE] (a) | The Pledgor waives any right it may have of first requiring the Pledgee (or any trustee or agent on its behalf) to proceed against or enforce any other right or security or claim payment from any person or file any proof or claim m any insolvency, administration, winding-up or liquidation proceedings relative to any Obligor or any other person before claiming from the Pledgor under this Deed.

[TABLE] (b) | This waiver applies irrespective of any law or any provision of a Security Document to the contrary.

[TABLE] 6.5 | Appropriations

[TABLE] (a) | (i) refrain from applying or enforcing any other moneys, security, guarantees or rights held or received by the Pledgee (or any trustee or agent on its behalf) against those amounts; or

[TABLE] (ii) | apply and enforce them in such manner and order as it sees fit (whether against those amounts or otherwise); and

[TABLE] (b) | hold in an interest-bearing suspense account any moneys received from the Pledgor or on account of the Pledgor’s liability under this Deed or any other Security Document, without liability to pay interest on those monies.

[TABLE] 6.6 | Non-competition

[TABLE] (a) | the Security Period has expired; or

[TABLE] (b) | the Pledgee otherwise directs,

[TABLE] (i) | be subrogated to any rights, security or moneys held, received or receivable by the Pledgee (or any trustee or agent on its behalf);

[TABLE] (ii) | be entitled to any right of contribution or indemnity in respect of any payment made or moneys received on account of the Pledgor’s liability under this Clause;

[TABLE] (iii) | claim, rank, prove or vote as a creditor of any Obligor or its estate in competition with the Pledgee (or any trustee or agent on its behalf); or

[TABLE] (iv) | receive, claim or have the benefit of any payment, distribution or security from or on account of any Obligor, or exercise any right of set-off as against any Obligor.

[TABLE] 6.7 | Additional security

[TABLE] (a) | This Deed is in addition to and is not in any way prejudiced by any other security now or subsequently held by the Pledgee.

[TABLE] (b) | No prior security held by the Pledgee over any Security Asset will merge into this Security.

[TABLE] 6.8 | Security held by Pledgor

[TABLE] 7. | WHEN SECURITY BECOMES ENFORCEABLE

[TABLE] 7.1 | Event of Default

[TABLE] 7.2 | Enforcement

[TABLE] 8. | ENFORCEMENT OF SECURITY

[TABLE] 8.1 | General

[TABLE] (a) | The power of sale and any other power conferred by law will be immediately exercisable at any time after this Security has become enforceable and the Pledgee has given prior written notice to the Pledgor of its intention to exercise its power of sale or any other power conferred by law (the “Enforcement Notice”). The Pledgee may start enforcement not earlier than following eight Business Days upon receipt of the Enforcement Notice by the Pledgor.

[TABLE] (b) | The Pledgee may sell all or any part of the Shares (whether by public offer or private contract) to any person, including (but not limited to) to itself or any person affiliated, associated or otherwise connected to the Pledgee, subject to Clauses 8.1(i) - (k) below (whether comprising cash, debentures or other obligations, shares or other valuable consideration of any kind and whether payable or deliverable in a lump sum or by instalments) as the Pledgee may in its sole and absolute discretion determine.

[TABLE] (c) | If any of the Shares are sold by the Pledgee upon credit, for future delivery or for deferred consideration, the Pledgee may retain such Shares until the selling price is paid in full by the purchaser. The Pledgee shall not be liable for any failure by the purchaser to pay for any Shares and, in the event of such failure, the Pledgee may resell such Shares to another person.

[TABLE] (d) | Nothing in this Deed shall restrict the Pledgee from proceeding by suit at law or in equity to foreclose this Deed and sell all or any part of the Shares under a judgment or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction, provided the Pledgor has been given due notice of any such action.

[TABLE] (e) | Upon the Pledgee exercising all or any of its rights and powers under this Deed, the Pledgor must promptly procure that the Company registers as owners of the Shares the Pledgee and/or any nominees of the Pledgee or the purchasers of the Shares or otherwise any and all persons entitled to own the Shares as owners of the Shares pursuant to the exercise by the Pledgee of its said rights and powers under this Deed.

[TABLE] (f) | Without limitation to the foregoing provisions of this Clause, the Pledgee shall be entitled but not obliged, in its sole discretion, to use and put into effect all or any of the documents deposited with the Pledgee under Clauses 5.1 and 5.3(c) and (d) in the exercise of any of its rights and powers under this Clause and to register as owners of the Shares the Pledgee and/or any nominees of the Pledgee or the purchasers of the Shares or otherwise any and all persons entitled to own the Shares as owners of the Shares pursuant to the exercise by the Pledgee of its said rights and powers under this Deed.

[TABLE] (g) | The Pledgor hereby waives all rights of redemption, stay or appraisal which the Pledgor has or may have under any rule of law or equity now existing or hereafter adopted.

[TABLE] (h) | Any restriction on the power of sale conferred by law does not apply to this Security.

[TABLE] (i) | The Parties further agree that concurrently with the issuance of the Enforcement Notice, the Pledgee shall engage the Independent Appraiser in order to determine the market value of the Shares (the “Market Value”). The Pledgee shall provide the Pledgor with a copy of the appraisal report stating the Market Value of the Shares prepared by the Independent Appraiser.

[TABLE] (j) | Where the Pledgor has elected to sell the Shares at a public sale, the initial sale price of the Shares at a first public sale shall not be less 80% of the Market Value. If the first public sale is declared not to have been successfully completed due to one of the following reasons: (i) fewer than two potential buyers have participated in the public

[TABLE] sale or (ii) none of the potential buyers offered a bid exceeding the initial sale price of the Shares, the Pledgee shall call a second public sale. The second public sale shall be conducted by successively lowering of the initial sale price. At the second public sale the Pledgee will be entitled to reduce the initial sale price of the Shares each time by 5%. If the reduction of the initial sale price equals or exceeds 30%, the sale price may be further reduced each time by 3%. The sale price (the price of realisation of the Shares) at the second public sale shall not be lower than 50% of the initial sale price.

[TABLE] (k) | Where the Pledgor has elected to sell the Shares to a third party by way of private sale, the Shares shall be sold to such third party at a price not less than the Market Value.

[TABLE] (l) | During the time period before the Shares are sold (that cannot be shorter than the time period provided by Clause 8.1(a) above) the Pledgor may discharge the Secured Liabilities that are overdue and stop enforcement of the Shares.

[TABLE] (m) | The Pledgee shall stop enforcement of the Shares if the Company or any Guarantor discharges the Secured Liabilities that are overdue during the time period before the Shares are sold (that cannot be shorter than the time period provided by Clause 8.1(a) above).

[TABLE] 8.2 | No liability

[TABLE] 8.3 | Privileges

[TABLE] 8.4 | Protection of third parties

[TABLE] (a) | whether the Secured Liabilities have become payable;

[TABLE] (b) | whether any power which the Pledgee is purporting to exercise has become exercisable or is being properly exercised;

[TABLE] (c) | whether any money remains due under the Security Documents; or

[TABLE] (d) | how any money paid to the Pledgee or to that Receiver is to be applied.

[TABLE] 8.5 | Redemption of prior Security Interests

[TABLE] (a) | At any time after this Security has become enforceable, the Pledgee may:

[TABLE] (i) | redeem any prior Security Interest against any Security Asset; and/or

[TABLE] (ii) | procure the transfer of that Security Interest to itself; and/or

[TABLE] (iii) | settle and pass the accounts of the prior pledgee, mortgagee, chargee or encumbrancer; any accounts so settled and passed will be, in the absence of manifest error, conclusive and binding on the Pledgor.

[TABLE] (b) | The Pledgor must pay to the Pledgee, promptly on demand, the costs and expenses incurred by the Pledgee in connection with any such redemption and/or transfer, including the payment of any principal or interest.

[TABLE] 8.6 | Contingencies

[TABLE] 9. | RECEIVER

[TABLE] 9.1 | Appointment of Receiver

[TABLE] (a) | Except as provided below, the Pledgee may appoint any one or more persons to be a Receiver of all or any part of the Security Assets if:

[TABLE] (i) | this Security has become enforceable; or

[TABLE] (ii) | the Pledgor so requests the Pledgee in writing at any time.

[TABLE] (b) | Any appointment under paragraph (a) above may be by deed, under seal or in writing under its hand.

[TABLE] (c) | Except as provided below, any restriction imposed by law on the right to appoint a Receiver does not apply to this Deed.

[TABLE] 9.2 | Removal

[TABLE] 9.3 | Remuneration

[TABLE] 9.4 | Agent of the Pledgor

[TABLE] 9.5 | Relationship with Pledgee

[TABLE] 10. | POWERS OF RECEIVER

[TABLE] 10.1 | General

[TABLE] (a) | A Receiver has all the rights, powers and discretions set out below in this Clause in addition to those conferred on it by any law.

[TABLE] (b) | If there is more than one Receiver holding office at the same time, each Receiver may (unless the document appointing him states otherwise) exercise all the powers conferred on a Receiver under this Deed individually and to the exclusion of any other Receiver.

[TABLE] 10.2 | Possession

[TABLE] 10.3 | Carry on business

[TABLE] 10.4 | Employees

[TABLE] (a) | A Receiver may appoint and discharge managers, officers, agents, accountants, servants, workmen and others for the purposes of this Deed upon such terms as to remuneration or otherwise as he thinks fit.

[TABLE] (b) | A Receiver may discharge any person appointed by the Pledgor.

[TABLE] 10.5 | Borrow money

[TABLE] 10.6 | Sale of assets

[TABLE] (a) | A Receiver may sell, exchange, convert into money and realise any Security Asset by public auction or private contract and generally in any manner and on any terms which he thinks fit.

[TABLE] (b) | The consideration for any such transaction may consist of cash, debentures or other obligations, shares, stock or other valuable consideration and any such consideration may be payable in a lump sum or by instalments spread over any period which it thinks fit.

[TABLE] (c) | Fixtures may be severed and sold separately from the property containing them without the consent of the Pledgor.

[TABLE] 10.7 | Leases

[TABLE] 10.8 | Compromise

[TABLE] 10.9 | Legal actions

[TABLE] 10.10 | Receipts

[TABLE] 10.11 | Delegation

[TABLE] 10.12 | Lending

[TABLE] 10.13 | Protection of assets A Receiver may:

[TABLE] (a) | effect any repair or insurance and do any other act which the Pledgor might do in the ordinary conduct of its business to protect or improve any Security Asset;

[TABLE] (b) | commence and/or complete any building operation; and

[TABLE] (c) | apply for and maintain any planning permission, building regulation approval or any other authorisation,

[TABLE] 10.14 | Other powers

[TABLE] (a) | do all other acts and things which he may consider desirable or necessary for realising any Security Asset or incidental or conducive to any of the rights, powers or discretions conferred on a Receiver under or by virtue of this Deed or by law;

[TABLE] (b) | exercise in relation to any Security Asset all the powers, authorities and things which he would be capable of exercising if he were the absolute beneficial owner of that Security Asset; and

[TABLE] (c) | use the name of the Pledgor for any of the above purposes.

[TABLE] 11. | APPLICATION OF PROCEEDS

[TABLE] (a) | in or towards payment of or provision for all costs and expenses incurred by the Pledgee or any Receiver under or in connection with this Deed and of all remuneration due to any Receiver under or in connection with this Deed;

[TABLE] (b) | in or towards payment of or provision for the Secured Liabilities; and

[TABLE] (c) | in payment of the surplus (if any) to the Pledgor or other person entitled to it.

[TABLE] 12. | EXPENSES AND INDEMNITY

[TABLE] (a) | promptly on demand pays all costs and expenses (including stamp duty and legal fees) incurred in connection with this Deed (provided that the costs for its preparation and negotiations are subject to the prior agreed cap) or any amendment of or waiver or consent under this Deed by the Pledgee, attorney-in-fact, Receiver, manager, agent or other person appointed by the Pledgee under this Deed; and

[TABLE] (b) | keep each of them indemnified against any failure or delay in paying those costs or expenses and any loss or liability incurred by it in connection with any litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings concerning this Security; this includes any loss or liability arising from any actual or alleged breach by any person of any law or regulation.

[TABLE] 13. | DELEGATION

[TABLE] 13.1 | Power of Attorney

[TABLE] 13.2 | Terms

[TABLE] 13.3 | Liability

[TABLE] 14. | FURTHER ASSURANCES

[TABLE] (a) | creating, attaching, perfecting or protecting and maintaining the priority of any security intended to be created by this Deed;

[TABLE] (b) | facilitating the realisation of any Security Asset, or the exercise of any right, power or discretion exercisable, by the Pledgee or any Receiver or any of their respective delegates or sub-delegates in respect of any Security Asset;

[TABLE] (c) | obtaining possession and control of any Security Asset; or

[TABLE] (d) | facilitating the assignment or transfer of any rights and/or obligations of the Pledgee under this Deed.

[TABLE] (i) | the execution of any mortgage, charge, transfer, conveyance, assignment or assurance of any property, whether to the Pledgee or to its nominee; or

[TABLE] (ii) | the giving of any notice, order or direction and the making of any registration,

[TABLE] 15. | POWER OF ATTORNEY

[TABLE] 15.1 | The Pledgor, by way of security and for good and valuable consideration (the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged), irrevocably and severally coupled with an interest in this Deed appoints the Pledgee, each Receiver and each of their respective delegates and sub-delegates to be its attorney-in-fact to take any action which the Pledgor is obliged to take under this Deed. The Pledgor ratifies and confirms whatever any attorney-in- fact does or purports to do under its appointment under this Clause.

[TABLE] 15.2 | The power of attorney granted or otherwise made pursuant to this Deed is given by the Pledgor by way of further security for the Secured Liabilities and in order to more fully secure the performance of its obligations under this Deed and in consideration of the mutual covenants in this Deed and for other good and valuable consideration received by the Pledgor from the Pledgee (the receipt, sufficiency and adequacy of which consideration is hereby acknowledged and confirmed).

[TABLE] 16. | REGISTRATION OF SECURITY

[TABLE] (a) | until the full and final unconditional discharge and release of the security granted or otherwise constituted pursuant to this Deed of Pledge (the “Discharge Date”), keep and maintain a register of charges (the “Register of Charges”), at the Pledgor ‘s registered office in the BVI, in accordance with Section 162(1) of the BVI Companies Act;

[TABLE] (b) | until the Discharge Date, enter into the Register of Charges (and maintain therein) appropriate particulars of the security granted or otherwise constituted by this Deed of Pledge and any other security granted or otherwise constituted by Pledgor in favour of the Pledgee (collectively the “BVI Security”) (which particulars shall include all particulars required to be kept in such Register of Charges pursuant to the provisions of Section 162(1) of the BVI Companies Act), such particulars to be in a form and substance being satisfactory to the Pledgee;

[TABLE] (c) | provide a copy of the Register of Charges (containing all such particulars as referred to foregoing) to the Pledgee (such copy of the Register of Charges being certified, by a Director of Pledgor, as a “true, accurate and complete copy of the original”); and

[TABLE] (d) | register, or cause to be registered, in accordance with Section 163 of the BVI Companies Act, appropriate particulars of the BVI Security with the BVI Registrar (such particulars to be in a form and substance being satisfactory to the Pledgee), and the Pledgor shall cause such registration to be maintained until the Discharge Date,

[TABLE] and the Pledgor shall forthwith, following such registration in accordance with Section 163 of the BVI Companies Act as referred to foregoing, provide a copy of the certificate of registration (as issued by the BVI Registrar pursuant to Section 163(4)(b) of the BVI Companies Act) for the BVI Security to the Pledgee (such copy of the certificate of registration being certified, by a Director of the Pledgor, as a “true, accurate and complete copy of the original”).

[TABLE] 17. | MISCELLANEOUS

[TABLE] 17.1 | Covenant to pay

[TABLE] 17.2 | financial collateral

[TABLE] (a) | To the extent that the assets mortgaged or charged under this Deed constitute “financial collateral” and this Deed and the obligations of the Pledgor under this Deed constitute a “security financial collateral arrangement” (in each case for the purpose of and as defined in the Financial Collateral Law 2004 (Law 43(1)/ 2004) the Pledgee shall have the right after this Security has become enforceable to appropriate all or any part of that financial collateral in or towards the satisfaction of the Secured Liabilities.

[TABLE] (b) | For the purpose of paragraph (a) above, the value of the financial collateral appropriated shall be the Market Value.

[TABLE] 17.3 | Limited recourse

[TABLE] (a) | the sole recourse of the Pledgee to the Pledgor under this Deed is to the Pledgor’s interest in the Security Assets; and

[TABLE] (b) | the liability of the Pledgor to the Pledgee pursuant to or otherwise in connection with this Deed shall be:

[TABLE] (i) | limited in aggregate to an amount equal to that recovered as a result of enforcement of this Deed with respect to the Shares; and

[TABLE] (ii) | satisfied only from the proceeds of sale or other disposal or realisation of the Shares pursuant to this Deed.

[TABLE] 18. | RELEASE

[TABLE] (a) | deliver or caused to be delivered to the Pledgor or such other person, as the Pledgor may direct, the documents referred in Clause 5.1 hereof and any other documents delivered to the Pledgee pursuant to this Deed;

[TABLE] (b) | give notice of discharge of the pledge to the Company for the purpose of cancelling the memorandum of pledge made in its register of members pursuant to section 138(2) of the Contract Law, Cap. 149 (as amended); and

[TABLE] (c) | execute whatever documents and take whatever action is reasonably required to release the Security Assets from this Security and terminate any powers of attorney or other like appointments.

[TABLE] 19. | CHANGES TO THE PARTIES

[TABLE] 19.1 | The Pledgor

[TABLE] 19.2 | The Pledgee

[TABLE] 19.3 | Successors and Assigns

[TABLE] 20. | EVIDENCE AND CALCULATIONS

[TABLE] 20.1 | Accounts

[TABLE] 20.2 | Certificates and determinations

[TABLE] 21. | NOTICES

[TABLE] 21.1 | In writing

[TABLE] (a) | Any communication in connection with this Deed must be in writing and, unless otherwise stated, may be given in person, by international courier service, by fax or e- mail.

[TABLE] (b) | Unless it is agreed to the contrary, any consent or agreement required under this Deed must be given in writing.

[TABLE] 21.2 | Contact details

[TABLE] (a) | The contact details of the Pledgor for all notices in connection with this Deed are:

[TABLE] (b) | The contact details of the Pledgee for all notices in connection with this Deed are:

[TABLE] (c) | Any Party may change its contact details by giving five Business Days’ notice to the other Party.

[TABLE] 21.3 | Effectiveness

[TABLE] (a) | Any communication in connection with this Deed will be deemed to be given as follows:

[TABLE] (i) | if sent by fax or by other means allowing to determine that the message is sent by the Party to this Deed — upon receipt in eligible form;

[TABLE] (ii) | if delivered in person or sent by an international courier service, at the time of delivery.

[TABLE] (b) | A communication given under paragraph (a) above but received on a non-working day or after business hours in the place of receipt will only be deemed to be given on the next working day in that place.

[TABLE] 22. | LANGUAGE

[TABLE] 23. | SEVERABILITY

[TABLE] (a) | the legality, validity or enforceability in that jurisdiction of any other term of this Deed; or

[TABLE] (b) | legality, validity or enforceability in any other jurisdiction of that or any other term of this Deed.

[TABLE] 24. | WAIVERS AND REMEDIES CUMULATIVE

[TABLE] (a) | may be exercised as often as necessary;

[TABLE] (b) | are cumulative and not exclusive of its rights under the generallaw; and

[TABLE] (c) | may be waived only in writing and specifically.

[TABLE] 25. | COUNTERPARTS

[TABLE] 26. | GOVERNING LAW

[TABLE] 27. | ENFORCEMENT

[TABLE] 27.1 | Jurisdiction

[TABLE] (a) | The courts of the Republic of Cyprus have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute in connection with this Deed.

[TABLE] (b) | The courts of the Republic of Cyprus are the most appropriate and convenient courts to settle any such dispute in connection with this Deed. The Pledgor agrees not to argue to the contrary and waives objection to those courts on the grounds of inconvenient forum or otherwise in relation to proceedings in connection with this Deed.

[TABLE] (c) | References in this Clause to a dispute in connection with this Deed includes any dispute as to the existence, validity or termination of this Deed.

[TABLE] 27.2 | Waiver of immunity

[TABLE] (a) | agrees not to claim any immunity from proceedings brought by the Pledgee against it in relation to this Deed and to ensure that no such claim is made on its behalf;

[TABLE] (b) | consents generally to the giving of any relief or the issue of any process in connection with those proceedings; and

[TABLE] (c) | waives all rights of immunity in respect of it or its assets.

[TABLE] Name of the Company | ZEMENIK TRADING LIMITED (registered number: HE 332806) (the “Company)

[TABLE] Name and address of Transferor | [NAME OF PLEDGOR] of [ADDRESS] (the “Transferor”)

[TABLE] Name and address of Transferee | (the “Transferee)

[TABLE] Number, Class and
 
Denomination of Shares | [ ? ] [ordinary] shares of [ ? ] each (the Shares)

[TABLE] Distinctive numbers of Shares | [ ? ] to [ ? ] inclusive

[TABLE] SIGNED as a DEED | )

[TABLE] by [NAME OF THE PLEDGOR] | )

[TABLE] [acting by its authorised attorney/director/signatory] | )

[TABLE] [NAME]] | )

[TABLE] in the presence of: | )

[TABLE] Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] SIGNED as a DEED | )

[TABLE] by | )

[TABLE] acting by its authorised | )

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] in the presence of: | )

[TABLE] Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] 1. | APPOINTMENT AND POWERS

[TABLE] (a) | to exercise all rights in relation to [NUMBER] Ordinary shares of €1.00 each (the Shares) in ZEMENIK TRADING LIMITED (the “Company”) registered in the name of the Pledgor, which shares have been pledged to the Pledgee pursuant to a deed of pledge dated [DATE] between the Pledgor and the Pledgee (the “Deed of Pledge”), as the Attorney in its absolute discretion sees fit, including (but not limited to):

[TABLE] (i) | receiving notice of, attending and voting at any annual or extraordinary general meeting of the shareholders of the Company, including meetings of the members of any particular class of shareholder, and all or any adjournment of such meetings, or signing any resolution as registered holder of the Shares;

[TABLE] (ii) | completing and returning proxy cards, consents to short notice and any other documents required to be signed by the registered holder of the Shares;

[TABLE] (iii) | dealing with and giving directions as to any moneys, securities, benefits, documents, notices or other communications (in whatever form) arising by right of the Shares or received in connection with the Shares from the Company or any other person; and

[TABLE] (iv) | otherwise executing, delivering and doing all deeds, instruments and acts in the Pledgor’s name insofar as may be done in the Pledgor’s capacity as registered holder of the Shares; and

[TABLE] (b) | to execute, deliver and perfect all documents and do all things which an Attorney may consider to be required or desirable for:

[TABLE] (i) | carrying out any obligation imposed on the Pledgor by the Deed of Pledge (including the execution and delivery of any pledges, mortgages, charges, assignments or other security and any transfer of the Shares); and

[TABLE] (ii) | enabling the Pledgee to exercise, or delegate the exercise of, any of the rights, powers and authorities conferred on them by or pursuant to the Deed of Pledge or by law (including, the exercise of any right of a legal or beneficial owner of the Shares).

[TABLE] 2. | DELEGATION

[TABLE] 3. | SUBSTITUTE ATTORNEY

[TABLE] 4. | POWER BY WAY OF SECURITY

[TABLE] 5. | UNDERTAKINGS

[TABLE] (a) | indemnifies the Attorney and its officers against any loss or liability suffered by the Attorney or its officers in acting as the Pledgor’s attorney or under this power of attorney; and

[TABLE] (b) | agrees to ratify and confirm all things lawfully done and all documents executed by the Attorney or its officers in the proper exercise or purported exercise of all or any of its powers under this power of attorney.

[TABLE] 6. | JURISDICTION

[TABLE] SIGNED as a DEED | )

[TABLE] by [NAME OF THE PLEDGOR] | )

[TABLE] [acting by its authorised attorney/signatory/director] | )

[TABLE] [NAME] | )

[TABLE] in the presence of: | )

[TABLE] Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] To: | ZEMENIK TRADING LIMITED (the “Company”)

[TABLE] To: | JSC VTB BANK (the “Pledgee”)

[TABLE] 1. | We hereby irrevocably authorise and undertake with the Pledgee that until the date on which all the Secured Liabilities have been unconditionally and irrevocably paid and discharged in full, we will not act alone or with any other person, enter into or accept or authorise any act or omission in contravention of the terms of the Facility Agreement or the Deed of Pledge; and

[TABLE] 2. | We hereby irrevocably authorise the Pledgee at any time on or after an Event of Default occurs under and as defined in the Facility Agreement, to date, use and otherwise put into full effect the undated letter of resignation delivered by me to the Pledgee pursuant to the Deed of Pledge.

[TABLE] KATERINA IOSIF 
Director | PANAYIOTA STYLIANOU 
Director

[TABLE] ALEXANDER ARBUZOV 
Director | TOP SECRETARIAL LIMITED 
Secretary

[TABLE] To: | ZEMENIK TRADING LIMITED (the “Company”)

[TABLE] (c) | enter a Memorandum of this pledge in the Register of Members and against the Shares in respect of which this notice is given; and

[TABLE] (d) | issue to us a certificate acknowledging receipt of this notice and confirming that the aforesaid Memorandum has been made in the Register of Members.

[TABLE] Yours faithfully,

[TABLE] JSC VTB BANK

[TABLE] To: | JSC VTB BANK

[TABLE] 1. | have not received notice of the interest of any third party in the Shares and are not aware of any transfer of the Shares to a third party;

[TABLE] 2. | have not received notice of and are not aware of the Shares, the share certificates representing the Shares, or any rights attaching to the Shares being subject to any pledge or other security interest; and

[TABLE] 3. | Memoranda, substantially in the form set out in the Schedule below, have been made and registered in the Register of Members of the Company in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Deed of Pledge.

[TABLE] Yours faithfully.

[TABLE] TOP SECRETARIAL LIMITED

[TABLE] Secretary of

[TABLE] ZEMENIK TRADING LIMITED

[TABLE] 1. | BACKGROUND

[TABLE] 2. | RESOLUTIONS

[TABLE] (a) | THAT that the terms of, and the transactions contemplated, by the Deed of Pledge and any related documents be and are hereby approved;

[TABLE] (b) | THAT any transfer of Shares made by the Pledgee on enforcement of the Deed of Pledge be and is hereby approved.

[TABLE] (c) | THAT the Secretary be and is hereby authorised and instructed:

[TABLE] (i) | upon receipt of a notice in respect of the Deed of Pledge, to enter a memorandum of pledge in the Company’s register of members against the Shares and to issue a certificate to the Pledgee confirming the same in accordance with the terms of the Deed of Pledge; and

[TABLE] (ii) | upon receipt of an instrument of transfer of any Shares, to enter the name of the relevant transferee in the register of members of the Company and file the relevant company forms with the Registrar of Companies.

[TABLE] KATERINA IOSIF 
Director | PANAYIOTA STYLIANOU 
Director

[TABLE] ALEXANDER ARBUZOV

[TABLE] SECRETARY’S CONFIRMATION

[TABLE] ZEMENIK TRADING LIMITED
 
HE 332806 (the “Company”)

[TABLE] Registrar of Companies & Official Receiver Department of Registrar of Companies and Official Receiver

[TABLE] Date:

[TABLE] Secretary’s Confirmation

[TABLE] We the undersigned, being the Secretary of the Company hereby certify that the changes set out in the attached filing forms are true, accurate and in accordance with the corporate registers of the Company.

[TABLE] [Secretary]

[TABLE] [INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK FOR THE NEW SECRETARY TO SIGN] | [INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK FOR THE NEW SECRETARY TO SIGN]

[TABLE] To: | ZEMENIK TRADING LIMITED (the “Company”)

[TABLE] SIGNED as a DEED | )

[TABLE] by [NAME OF SHAREHOLDER] | )

[TABLE] acting by its authorised attorney/signatory/director | )

[TABLE] [NAME OF SIGNATORY] | )

[TABLE] in the presence of: | )

[TABLE] Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] Pledgor | Pledgor | Pledgor

[TABLE] SIGNED as a DEED | SIGNED as a DEED | SIGNED as a DEED

[TABLE] by HIGHWORLD INVESTMENTS LIMITED | by HIGHWORLD INVESTMENTS LIMITED | by HIGHWORLD INVESTMENTS LIMITED

[TABLE] acting by its authorised | acting by its authorised | acting by its authorised

[TABLE] in the presence of: | in the presence of: | in the presence of:

[TABLE] 1. | Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] 2. | Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] Pledgee | Pledgee | Pledgee

[TABLE] SIGNED as a DEED | SIGNED as a DEED | SIGNED as a DEED | )

[TABLE] by JSC VTB BANK | by JSC VTB BANK | by JSC VTB BANK | )

[TABLE] acting by its authorised attorney | acting by its authorised attorney | acting by its authorised attorney | )

[TABLE] Vitaly Buzoverja | Vitaly Buzoverja | Vitaly Buzoverja | )

[TABLE] in the presence of: | in the presence of: | in the presence of: | )

[TABLE] 1. | Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] 2. | Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] Clause | Page | Page

[TABLE] 1. | INTERPRETATION | 34

[TABLE] 2. | CONFIRMATION | 34

[TABLE] 3. | FURTHER ASSURANCES | 35

[TABLE] 4. | COUNTERPARTS | 35

[TABLE] 5. | GOVERNING LAW | 35

[TABLE] 6. | ENFORCEMENT | 35

[TABLE] SIGNATORIES | SIGNATORIES | SIGNATORIES | 36

[TABLE] (1) | HIGHWORLD INVESTMENTS LIMITED, a company incorporated under the laws of British Virgin Islands, whose registered office is at Trident Chambers, Road Town, P.O. Box 146, Tortola, VG 1110, British Virgin Islands (hereinafter the “Pledgor”);

[TABLE] (2) | VTB BANK (PJSC), a bank organised under the laws of the Russian Federation under primary state registration number 1027739609391, whose registered office is at Ul. Bolshaya Morskaya 29, St. Petersburg 190000, the Russian Federation (hereinafter the “Pledgee”).

[TABLE] (A) | Pursuant to a facility agreement dated 16 May 2016 as amended by the amendment agreement No. 1 dated 14 December 2016, the amendment agreement No. 2 dated 28 June 2017 and as amended and restated by the amendment agreement No. 3 dated on or about the date hereof (the “Facility Agreement”) between LLC ZEMENIK, a company incorporated in Russia with registration number 1167746153860, whose registered office is at Akademika Iljushina Street 4, Block 1, Office 54, Moscow, Russia as borrower and the Pledgee as arranger, facility agent and original lender, the parties thereto agreed, inter alia, that the Pledgor enters into the Deed of Pledge (as defined below) in favour of the Pledgee.

[TABLE] (B) | The Pledgor and the Pledgee have agreed to enter into this Deed for the purpose of confirming the security granted under the Deed of Pledge.

[TABLE] 1. | INTERPRETATION

[TABLE] 1.1 | Definitions

[TABLE] 1.2 | Construction

[TABLE] (a) | Capitalised terms defined in the Deed of Pledge have, unless expressly defined in this Deed, the same meaning in this Deed.

[TABLE] (b) | The provisions of clause 1.2 of the Deed of Pledge apply to this Deed as if they were set out in full in this Deed.

[TABLE] 2. | CONFIRMATION

[TABLE] (a) | The Pledgor acknowledges and consents to the amendment agreement no. 3 to the Facility Agreement.

[TABLE] (b) | The Pledgor confirms, consents and agrees that the Deed of Pledge remains valid and binding on the Pledgor and that the security granted pursuant to the Deed of Pledge remains valid and is continuing security for the Secured Liabilities.

[TABLE] 3. | FURTHER ASSURANCES

[TABLE] 3.1 | The Pledgor will, at the request of the Pledgee, take whatever action is necessary or reasonably desirable to give effect to clause 2 of this Deed.

[TABLE] 3.2 | The Pledgor shall:

[TABLE] (a) | within 5 business days following execution of this Deed, provide the Pledgee with a copy of the Pledgor’s register of charges updated to include proper and complete particulars of the amendments effected to the Deed of Pledge pursuant to this Deed (pursuant to Section 162(2A) of the BVI Business Companies Act, 2004 (as amended) of the British Virgin Islands (the “BVI Companies Act”);

[TABLE] (b) | within 5 business days following execution of this Deed, file with the Registry of Corporate Affairs in the British Virgin Islands (pursuant to Section 164 of the BVI Companies Act) a notice of variation of charge to register the amendments effected to the Deed of Pledge pursuant to this Deed in the register of registered charges (the “Register of Registered Charges”) held by the Registrar of Corporate Affairs in the British Virgin Islands (the “Registrar”) for the Pledgor; and

[TABLE] (c) | within 30 business days following execution of this Deed, provide the Pledgee with a certificate of variation of charge (as issued by the Registrar pursuant to Section 164(3)(b) of the BVI Companies Act) as a confirmation of the entry of the particulars referred to in clause 3.2(b) above in the Register of Registered Charges.

[TABLE] 3.3 | The Pledgor shall not, without the prior written consent of the Pledgee, continue as a company incorporated under the laws of a jurisdiction outside the British Virgin Islands whether pursuant to Section 184 of the BVI Companies Act or otherwise.

[TABLE] 4. | COUNTERPARTS

[TABLE] 5. | GOVERNING LAW

[TABLE] 6. | ENFORCEMENT

[TABLE] 6.1 | Jurisdiction

[TABLE] (a) | The courts of the Republic of Cyprus have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute in connection with this Deed.

[TABLE] (b) | The courts of the Republic of Cyprus are the most appropriate and convenient courts to settle any such dispute in connection with this Deed. The Pledgor agrees not to argue to the contrary and waive objection to those courts on the grounds of inconvenient forum or otherwise in relation to proceedings in connection with this Deed.

[TABLE] (c) | References in this Clause to a dispute in connection with this Deed includes any dispute as to the existence, validity or termination of this Deed.

[TABLE] 6.2 | Waiver of immunity

[TABLE] (a) | agrees not to claim any immunity from proceedings brought by the Pledgee against them in relation to this Deed and to ensure that no such claim is made on their behalf;

[TABLE] (b) | consents generally to the giving of any relief or the issue of any process in connection with those proceedings; and

[TABLE] (c) | waives all rights of immunity in respect of them or their assets.

[TABLE] Pledgor | )

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] SIGNED as a DEED | )

[TABLE] By HIGHWORLD INVESTMENTS LIMITED | )

[TABLE] acting by its director | )

[TABLE] Panayiceta Stylianaf on behalf of Interfid Nominees Ltd | )

[TABLE] In the presence of: | (

[TABLE] 1. | Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] 2. | Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] Pledgee | )

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] SIGNED as a DEED | )

[TABLE] By VTB BANK (PJSC) | )

[TABLE] acting by its authorised director | )

[TABLE] Vitaly Buzoverya | )

[TABLE] In the presence of: | (

[TABLE] 1. | Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] 2. | Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] Pledgor | )

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] SIGNED as a DEED | )

[TABLE] By HIGHWORLD INVESTMENTS LIMITED | )

[TABLE] acting by its director | )

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] In the presence of: | (

[TABLE] 1. | Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] 2. | Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] Pledgor | )

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] SIGNED as a DEED | )

[TABLE] By VTB BANK (PJSC) | )

[TABLE] acting by its authorised director | )

[TABLE] Vitaly Buzoverya | )

[TABLE] In the presence of: | (

[TABLE] 1. | Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] 2. | Witness’s Signature:

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] (1) | HIGHWORLD INVESTMENTS LIMITED, a company incorporated under the laws of British Virgin Islands, whose registered office is at Trident Chambers, Road Town, P.O. Box 146, Tortola, VG 1110, British Virgin Islands (the “Released Party”);

[TABLE] (2) | ZEMENIK TRADING LIMITED, a company incorporated in Cyprus with registration number HE 332806, whose registered office is at 42 Dositheou, Strovolos 2028, Nicosia, Cyprus (the “Company”); and

[TABLE] (3) | VTB BANK (PJSC), a bank organised under the laws of the Russian Federation under primary state registration number 1027739609391, whose registered office is at Ul. Bolshaya Morskaya, 29, St. Petersburg 190000, Russian Federation (the “Pledgee”).

[TABLE] (A) | On 16 May 2016, LLC Zemenik, a company incorporated in the Russian Federation with registration number 1167746153860, whose registered address is at office 54, Akademika Iljushina Street 4, block 1, Moscow, Russian Federation as borrower (the “Borrower”) and the Pledgee as lender entered into a facility Agreement (as amended or supplemented from time to time) (the “Facility Agreement”).

[TABLE] (B) | The Released Party as pledgor and the Pledgee as pledgee entered into a deed of pledge dated 19 May 2016 (the “Deed of Pledge”) pursuant to which the Released Party pledged in favour of the Pledgee 60,000 ordinary shares of €1.00 each owned by it in the share capital of the Company. The Deed of Pledge was entered into as security for the payment, discharge and performance of the Secured Liabilities.

[TABLE] (C) | The Company, the Released Party and the Pledgee have agreed to terminate the Deed of Pledge and release the Released Assets (as defined below) from the pledge created thereunder on the terms and subject to the conditions set out herein.

[TABLE] (D) | It is intended that this document takes effect as a deed.

[TABLE] 1. | INTERPRETATION

[TABLE] 1.1 | Definitions

[TABLE] (a) | 60,000 ordinary shares of €1.00 (one euro) each, held by the Released Party in the Company, which in aggregate represent 60% of the issued shares in the Company, and any further shares in the capital of the Company at or after the date of the Deed of Pledge legally and/or beneficially owned by the Released Party or in which the Released Party has an interest (the “Shares”);

[TABLE] (b) | all the share certificates representing the Shares and any substitute share certificate or share certificates representing the Shares; and

[TABLE] (b) | in relation to any Shares, all dividends and other distributions paid or payable as at or after the date of the Deed of Pledge on all or any of such Shares and all stocks, shares, securities (and the dividends or interest thereon), rights, money or property accruing or offered at any time by way of issue, redemption, bonus, preference, option rights or otherwise to or in respect of any of such Shares or in substitution or exchange for any such Shares.

[TABLE] 1.2 | Construction

[TABLE] 2. | RELEASE

[TABLE] (a) | releases and discharges the Released Assets from all security interests created under or evidenced by the Deed of Pledge and surrenders, reassigns, releases and retransfers to the Released Party all right, interest, asset and title, pledged, mortgaged, charged, assigned, transferred, deposited, set over and confirmed in favour of the Pledgee in and to the Released Assets; and

[TABLE] (b) | releases and discharges the Released Party from all of its covenants, guarantees, undertakings, claims, demands and all present and future obligations and liabilities (both actual and contingent) under the Deed of Pledge.

[TABLE] 3. | TERMINATION

[TABLE] 3.1 | The Released Party and the Pledgee agree that on the date of this Deed of Release, the security created over the Released Assets pursuant to the Deed of Pledge shall be terminated and cancelled and no party thereto shall have or be entitled to exercise any rights it may have under the Deed of Pledge.

[TABLE] 3.2 | The memorandum of pledge made in the register of members of the Company against the Shares and the secretary’s certificate issued by the secretary of the Company and delivered to the Pledgee pursuant to the Deed of Pledge and the provisions of section 138 of the Cyprus Contract Law, Cap. 149, as amended, as well as any other document that has been submitted to the Pledgee pursuant to the terms of the Deed of Pledge shall, as from the date hereof, be of no legal effect or validity whatsoever.

[TABLE] 4. | FURTHER ASSURANCE

[TABLE] 4.1 | Unless otherwise agreed by the parties on the date of this Deed of Release, the Pledgee shall deliver to the secretary of the Company the share certificates representing the Shares and destroy all other original documents or instruments provided to the Pledgee by the Released Party pursuant to the Deed of Pledge as follows:

[TABLE] (a) | the blank instrument of transfer with respect to the Shares signed by the Released Party;

[TABLE] (b) | the irrevocable proxy and power of attorney dated 19 May 2016 signed by the Released Party;

[TABLE] (c) | the undated letters of resignation signed by each of the directors and secretary of the Company;

[TABLE] (d) | the letters of authority and undertaking signed by each of the directors and secretary of the Company; and

[TABLE] (e) | the undated board resolution of the Company signed by the directors of the Company.

[TABLE] 4.2 | The appointment of the Pledgee as the attorney-in-fact as set forth in the Deed of Pledge and the appointment of any other person nominated by the Pledgee as attorney of the Released Party pursuant to the Deed of Pledge and/or pursuant to the irrevocable proxy and power of attorney dated 19 May 2016 signed by the Released Party is hereby immediately terminated as of the date of this Deed of Release.

[TABLE] 4.3 | By virtue of the execution of this Deed of Release, the Company takes notice of the release effected by this Deed of Release and the Company shall take all steps necessary to ensure that the memorandum of pledge made in the register of members of the Company pursuant to section 138(2) of the Cyprus Contract Law, Cap 149, as amended, is removed with respect to the Released Assets.

[TABLE] 4.4 | The Pledgee will, at the request and cost of the Company, take whatever action is reasonably necessary to give effect to Clause 2 (Release) of this Deed of Release.

[TABLE] 5. | EXPENSES

[TABLE] 6. | COUNTERPARTS

[TABLE] 7. | ASSIGNMENT

[TABLE] 7.1 | This Deed of Release shall be binding and be enforceable by and against the respective successors and assignees of the Pledgee and the Released Party.

[TABLE] 7.2 | The Parties may not assign or transfer any of their rights or obligations under this Deed without the prior written consent of the other Party either at law or in equity.

[TABLE] 8. | MISCELLANEOUS

[TABLE] 8.1 | Any provision of this Deed of Release prohibited by or unlawful or unenforceable under any applicable law shall (to the extent required by such law) be ineffective without modifying the remaining provisions of this Deed of Release but where the provisions of any such applicable law may be waived, they are hereby waived to the full extent permitted by such law to the end that this Deed of Release shall be valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with its terms.

[TABLE] 8.2 | No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder and no course of dealing between the Pledgee and the Released Party shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege preclude any other or further exercise thereof, or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. The rights and remedies herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law.

[TABLE] 9. | GOVERNING LAW

[TABLE] 9.1 | This Deed of Release and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Cyprus law.

[TABLE] 9.2 | The Courts of Cyprus shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Deed of Release, including any question regarding its existence, validity or termination or the consequences of its nullity or any non-contractual obligation arising out of or in connection with this Deed of Release.

[TABLE] The Released Party

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] EXECUTED AND DELIVERED AS A | )

[TABLE] DEED for and on behalf of HIGHWORLD | )

[TABLE] INVESTMENTS LIMITED | )

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] Signature of Witness | Signature of Witness | Signature of Witness

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] Address:

[TABLE] Occupation:

[TABLE] The Company

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] EXECUTED AND DELIVERED AS A | )

[TABLE] DEED for and on behalf of ZEMENIK | )

[TABLE] TRADING LIMITED | )

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] Signature of Witness | Signature of Witness | Signature of Witness

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] Address:

[TABLE] Occupation:

[TABLE] The Pledgee

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] EXECUTED AND DELIVERED AS A | )

[TABLE] DEED for and on behalf of VTB BANK | )

[TABLE] (PJSC) | )

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] Signature of Witness | Signature of Witness | Signature of Witness

[TABLE] Name:

[TABLE] Address:

[TABLE] Occupation:

[TABLE] Execution version

[TABLE] 1. | Definitions | 3

[TABLE] 2. | Consents | 4

[TABLE] 3. | Amendments | 7

[TABLE] 4. | Limitations | 7

[TABLE] 5. | Further undertakings | 8

[TABLE] 6. | Representations | 8

[TABLE] 7. | Governing law | 8

[TABLE] 8. | Dispute resolution | 8

[TABLE] 9. | Signing | 8

[TABLE] (1) | ZEMENIK TRADING LIMITED, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Cyprus, registered number HE 332806, address (registered office) of the legal entity: 42 Dositheou, Strovolos 2028, Nicosia, Cyprus, as the guarantor under this Agreement (hereinafter — the Guarantor)

[TABLE] (2) | LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY ZEMENIK, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Russian Federation, registered with the Unified State Register of Legal Entities of the Russian Federation under number (Primary State Registration Number): 1167746153860, having its registered office at: 4 bld. 1 Akademika Ilyushina St. Office 54, Moscow, Russian Federation, 125319, as the principal under this Agreement and the Borrower under the Facility Agreement (hereinafter — the Borrower); and

[TABLE] (3) | VTB BANK (PUBLIC JOINT-STOCK COMPANY), a public joint-stock company incorporated under the laws of the Russian Federation, registered with the Unified State Register of Legal Entities under number (Primary State Registration Number): 1027739609391, having its registered office at: 29 Bolshaya Morskaya St., Saint-Petersburg, Russian Federation, 190000, as the beneficiary under this Agreement and the Facility Agent, Arranger and Initial Lender under the Facility Agreement (hereinafter — the Initial Lender and Facility Agent).

[TABLE] (A) | The Initial Lender as the facility agent, arranger and initial lender and the Borrower as the borrower entered into the syndicated facility agreement dated the 16th of May 2016 as amended by amendment agreement No. 1 dated the 14th of December 2016, amendment agreement No. 2 dated the 28th of June 2017, amendment agreement No. 3 dated the 5th of October 2017 as well as amendment agreement No. 4 dated the 29 of December 2017 (hereinafter — Amendment Agreement No. 4). By entering into Amendment Agreement No. 4, the Initial Lender and the Borrower agreed to certain consents and to make certain amendments to the Facility Agreement and Amendment Agreement No. 2.

[TABLE] (B) | The Parties entered into the independent guarantee agreement dated the 1st of June 2016 as amended by amendment agreement No. 1 dated the 28th of June 2017 and amendment agreement No. 2 dated the 5th of October 2017 (hereinafter — the Independent Guarantee Agreement) and the Guarantor issued the independent guarantee dated the 1st of June 2016, as amended by amendments No. 1 dated the 5th of October 2017, in favour of the Initial Lender in conformity with the Guarantee Agreement (hereinafter — the Guarantee).

[TABLE] (C) | The Guarantor hereby acknowledges that it is acquainted with all the terms and conditions of Amendment Agreement No. 4 and shall not be entitled to refer to its unawareness of such terms and conditions.

[TABLE] (D) | For the purposes of securing the Borrower’s obligations under the Facility Agreement as amended by Amendment Agreement No. 4, the Parties have hereby agreed to amend the Independent Guarantee Agreement as provided in this Agreement.

[TABLE] 1. | DEFINITIONS

[TABLE] 1.1 | Terms

[TABLE] 1.2 | Incorporated terms

[TABLE] 1.3 | Construction

[TABLE] 1.4 | Designation

[TABLE] 2. | CONSENTS

[TABLE] 2.1 | Subject to occurrence of the Effective Date, the Parties have agreed as follows:

[TABLE] (a) | splitting of the shares: for the purposes of Clause 19.11 (Amendments to the Constituent Documents) of the Facility Agreement and paragraph (z) (Amendments to the Constituent Documents) of Clause 4 (Guarantor’s Obligations) of the Independent Guarantee Agreement, the Facility Agent hereby gives its consent to splitting of each share of the Guarantor in the ratio of 1:500 (each existing share with the nominal value of one Euro will be converted into five hundred (500) shares with the nominal value of zero point two thousandths (0.002) Euro each), provided that:

[TABLE] (i) | after splitting the shares are distributed between the current shareholders of the Guarantor and the current percentage ratio will be preserved:

[TABLE] (A) | 60% of the shares are held by Highworld; and

[TABLE] (B) | 40% of the shares are held by ELQ VIII Investors Limited; and

[TABLE] (ii) | the Guarantor provides (or ensures that the Borrower will provide) the Facility Agent with the following documents within fifteen (15) Business Days after completion of the share splitting procedure:

[TABLE] (A) | certified copies of all Guarantor’s share certificates;

[TABLE] (B) | certified copy of the Guarantor’s register of shareholders; and

[TABLE] (C) | other documents as may be requested by the Facility Agent acting reasonably in order to confirm that the provisions of this Clause have been duly fulfilled;

[TABLE] (b) | change of the form and name: for the purposes of Clause 19.11 (Amendments to the Constituent Documents) of the Facility Agreement and paragraph (z) (Amendments to the Constituent Documents) of Clause 4 (Guarantor’s Obligations) of the Independent Guarantee Agreement, the Facility Agent hereby gives its consent to the following actions:

[TABLE] (i) | change of the Guarantor’s business legal structure from the private limited liability company to the public limited liability company;

[TABLE] (ii) | change of the Guarantor’s name to “HeadHunter Group PLC”; and

[TABLE] (iii) | making changes to the articles of association of the Guarantor (adopting the restated articles of association), provided that the Guarantor provides (or ensures that the Borrower will provide) the Facility Agent with the following documents within fifteen (15) Business Days after completion of the said changes registration:

[TABLE] (A) | certified copies of all Guarantor’s constituent documents; and

[TABLE] (B) | updated Group Structure Chart certified by the Borrower’s head.

[TABLE] (c) | additional issue of shares: for the purposes of Clauses 19.10 (Issue of New Shares or Increase of the Charter Capital), 19.22 (Zemenik Trading Obligations) of the Facility Agreement and paragraph (y) (Issue of New Shares or Increase of the Charter Capital) of Clause 4 (Guarantor’s Obligations) of the Independent Guarantee Agreement, the Facility Agent hereby gives its consent to the Guarantor issuing and offering to the general public by way of a public offer of no more than thirty million (30,000,000) additional shares with the nominal value of zero point two thousandths (0.002) Euro each) (hereinafter — the Offering) making up no more than thirty seven point five (37.5) per cent of the Guarantor’s charter capital following the Offering, provided that:

[TABLE] (i) | the Guarantor’s share splitting procedure envisaged by paragraph (a) above has been duly completed and all the conditions envisaged by paragraph (a) above have been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the Facility Agent prior to commencement of an additional issue of shares; and

[TABLE] (ii) | the Guarantor provides (or ensures that the Borrower will provide) the Facility Agent within fifteen (15) Business Days after completion of an additional issue of shares the documents as may be requested by the Facility Agent acting reasonably in order to confirm that the provisions of this Clause have been duly fulfilled;

[TABLE] (d) | guarantees: for the purposes of Clause 19.7 (Provision of Guarantees and Suretyships) of the Facility Agreement and paragraph (m) (Provision of Guarantees and Suretyships) of Clause 4 (Guarantor’s Obligations) of the Independent Guarantee Agreement, the Facility Agent hereby gives its consent to the Guarantor providing indemnities in favour of the Offering arranger banks, depository bank appointed in connection with the Offering and/or The Depository Trust Company for the purpose of conducting the Offering in order to cover potential losses and expenses connected with mistakes and incompletely disclosed information provided in the Offering prospectus (hereinafter — the Unlimited Guarantee), provided that:

[TABLE] (i) | the Offering takes place until 30 December 2018; and

[TABLE] (ii) | the Guarantor provides (or ensures that the Borrower will provide) the Facility Agent within fifteen (15) Business Days after provision of the Unlimited Guarantee a certified extract from the document containing the Unlimited Guarantee and in case of making amendments to the Unlimited Guarantee within fifteen (15) Business Days after making of such amendments – a certified extract from the document containing such amendments;

[TABLE] (e) | decrease of the Guarantor’s capital paid-in in excess of par value: for the purposes of Clause 19.9 (Reorganisation and Decrease of the Charter Capital) of the Facility Agreement and paragraph (x) (Reorganisation and Decrease of the Charter Capital) of Clause 4 (Guarantor’s Obligations) of the Independent Guarantee Agreement, the Facility Agent hereby gives its consent to decrease of the account of the decrease of the Guarantor’s capital paid-in in excess of par value (managed in accordance with Section 55 of Chapter 113 of the Companies Act of the Republic of Cyprus) in the amount of 1,422,874,344.59 (one billion four hundred twenty two million eight hundred seventy four thousand three hundred forty four and 59/100) roubles (in addition to the decrease in capital paid-in in excess of par value in the amount of 2,000,000,000 (two billion) roubles authorized in accordance with paragraph (iii) of Article 19.9 (Reorganization and decrease of the capital paid-in in excess of par value) of the Loan Agreement and subparagraph (x) (reorganization and decrease of capital paid-in in excess of par value) of Article 4 (obligations of the Guarantor) of the Independent Guarantee Agreement), provided that:

[TABLE] (i) | the entire amount of the decrease in capital paid-in in excess of par value in the amount of 3,422,874,344.59 (three billion four hundred twenty-two million eight hundred and seventy-four thousand three hundred forty-four and 59/100) Roubles or 39,867,480.25 (thirty-nine million eight hundred sixty-seven thousand four hundred and eighty and 25/100) of the euro (provided that such a decrease in the additional capital in Euro does not exceed the specified amount in roubles) (the “Total Shared Amount”) shall be offset against payments to the Guarantor’s shareholders as a bonus for shares exceeding the needs of the Guarantor in the following proportion:

[TABLE] Shareholder | Proportion | Proportion | Amount in Roubles | Amount in Roubles | Euro equivalent
amount at the
exchange rate of 1
Euro = 85.8563
Roubles | Euro equivalent
amount at the
exchange rate of 1
Euro = 85.8563
Roubles

[TABLE] ELQ Investors VIII | 40 | % | 1,369,149,737.84 | 15,946,992.10

[TABLE] Highworld | 60 | % | 2,053,724,606.75 | 23,920,488.15

[TABLE] TOTAL | 100 | % | 3,422,874,344.59 | 39,867,480.25

[TABLE] (ii) | the said decrease of the Guarantor’s capital paid-in in excess of par value takes place no later than the 30th of June 2018;

[TABLE] (iii) | the Guarantor’s obligations to allocate Total Shared Amount as a bonus for shares exceeding the needs of the Guarantor in favour of its shareholders are set off against the obligations of the Guarantor’s shareholders to repay loans provided to them by the Guarantor which were provided under the Permitted Payments; and

[TABLE] (iv) | such decrease of the Guarantor’s capital paid-in in excess of par value does not lead to a negative value of the Guarantor’s own capital.

[TABLE] 2.2 | All the documents to be provided to the Facility Agent in accordance with Clause 2.1 above, shall be provided with an apostille affixed thereto and a notarised Russian translation, if applicable.

[TABLE] 2.3 | Any default or failure on the part of the Guarantor to comply in due manner with any of the conditions to the provision of consents referred to in Clause 2.1 above shall constitute an Event of Default for purposes of the Facility Agreement.

[TABLE] 2.4 | The Parties have agreed that the consents envisaged by Clause 2.1 above, shall be deemed provided on the Effective Date.

[TABLE] 2.5 | The Parties have agreed that if the Effective Date does not occur until the Longstop Effective Date (inclusive of such date), Clause 2.1 above shall terminate automatically on the date following the Longstop Effective Date, and the relevant consents shall not be provided.

[TABLE] 3. | AMENDMENTS

[TABLE] 3.1 | Subject to occurrence of the Effective Date, the Parties have agreed to amend the Independent Guarantee Agreement as follows:

[TABLE] (a) | to delete paragraph (d) (Zemenik Trading Pledge Agreement) from the definition of the term “Pledge Agreement” in Schedule 1 (Terms of the Facility Agreement), and treat paragraph (e) as paragraph (d);

[TABLE] (b) | to amend the definition of the term “Zemenik Trading Pledge Agreement” in Schedule 1 (Terms of the Facility Agreement) by adding the following wording at the end of the definition:

[TABLE] (c) | to add to Schedule 1 (Terms of the Facility Agreement) the definition of the term “Unlimited Guarantee” (after the definition of the term “Unused Commitments”) to read as follows:

[TABLE] (d) | to add to Schedule 1 (Terms of the Facility Agreement) the definition of the term “Amendment Agreement No. 4” (after the definition of the term “Amendment Agreement No. 3”) to read as follows:

[TABLE] (e) | to amend paragraph (i)(A) of the definition of the “Financial Indebtedness” in Schedule 1 (Terms of the Facility Agreement) by adding the following to the end of the paragraph:

[TABLE] 3.2 | The Parties have agreed that the amendments envisaged by Clause 3.1 above shall be deemed to have taken effect as of the Effective Date.

[TABLE] 3.3 | The Parties have agreed that if the Effective Date does not occur until the Longstop Effective Date (inclusive of such date), Clause 3.1 above shall terminate automatically on the date following the Longstop Effective Date, and the relevant amendments shall not be deemed to have taken effect.

[TABLE] 4. | LIMITATIONS

[TABLE] (a) | The binding nature of the consents and amendments envisaged by Clause 2 (Consents) and Clause 3 (Amendments), is conditional upon (as envisaged by Article 3271 of the Civil Code) the provision of the documents and information set out in Schedule 1 (Conditions Precedent) to Amendment Agreement No. 4 by the Borrower to the Facility Agent in the form satisfactory to the Facility Agent, whereas it is mandatory that the corporate approvals and powers of attorney are to be provided in the form of an original or a notarised copy. The date on which the Facility Agent confirms receipt of such documents, information and confirmations to the Lenders and the Borrower shall be the “Effective Date”.

[TABLE] (b) | Any amendments to be made to the Independent Guarantee Agreement in accordance herewith shall be limited to the amendments set forth in Clause 2 (Consents). No other provisions of the Independent Guarantee Agreement (save as stated in Clause 2 (Consents)) shall be amended or supplemented hereby.

[TABLE] (c) | The Guarantor hereby gives its consent to be liable under the obligations of the Borrower arising out of the Facility Agreement, for avoidance of any doubt, including subject to the amendments made pursuant to Amendment Agreement No. 4, and confirms that the Guarantee is valid, has full legal effect and the Guarantor continues to duly discharge its obligations under the Guarantee in accordance with its terms and the terms of the Independent Guarantee Agreement.

[TABLE] (d) | This Agreement shall not release the Guarantor from any obligations envisaged by the Independent Guarantee Agreement or the Guarantee except for the circumstances stipulated in Article 2 (Consents).

[TABLE] 5. | FURTHER UNDERTAKINGS

[TABLE] 5.1 | If the Offering does not take place by 30 December 2018, the Guarantor undertakes by 31 March 2019 to:

[TABLE] (a) | procure the execution of the pledge agreement in respect of one hundred per cent (100%) of shares in the Guarantor (subject to the additional issue of shares) to the benefit of the Facility Agent, in form and substance similar to the Zemenik Trading Pledge Agreements; and

[TABLE] (b) | provide to the Facility Agent evidence of the Unlimited Guarantee’s termination or written proof in the appropriate for the Facility Agent form that the Unlimited Guarantee has not been issued.

[TABLE] 6. | REPRESENTATIONS

[TABLE] (a) | The Guarantor gives the representations regarding circumstances set out in Clause 3 (Guarantor’s Representations Regarding Circumstances) of the Independent Guarantee Agreement to the Initial Lender.

[TABLE] (b) | The representations regarding circumstances mentioned in paragraph (a) above shall be given by the Guarantor as of the date of this Agreement with reference to the circumstances existing on the date of this Agreement.

[TABLE] (c) | References to the Independent Guarantee Agreement in the representations regarding circumstances given pursuant to paragraph (a) above shall be deemed also to include references to this Agreement.

[TABLE] 7. | GOVERNING LAW

[TABLE] 8. | DISPUTE RESOLUTION

[TABLE] (a) | Any dispute in connection with this Agreement, including in relation to construction of its provisions, existence, validity or termination, shall be resolved through a pre-court procedure, by way of one of the Parties delivering a relevant pre-action letter (complaint) to another Party. If the Party does not receive a reply to the pre-action letter (complaint) delivered by it and the dispute is not resolved within ten (10) Business Days from the date of the relevant pre-action letter (complaint) receipt by the other Party, such dispute may be submitted for resolution to a court in accordance with paragraph (b) below.

[TABLE] (b) | Subject to the provisions in paragraph (a) above, in case of any dispute arising under or in connection with this Agreement, including in relation to the construction of its provisions, its existence, validity or termination, such dispute shall be considered by the Arbitrazh Court of the Moscow City.

[TABLE] 9. | SIGNING

[TABLE] Surname, name, patronymic: | Panayota Stylianou

[TABLE] Title: | Director

[TABLE] Surname, name, patronymic: | Agayan Karen Edouardovich

[TABLE] Title: | General Director

[TABLE] Surname, name, patronymic: | Vitaliy Nikolaevich Buzoverya

[TABLE] Title: | Representative by virtue of the Power of Attorney

[TABLE] From: | Headhunter FSU Limited

[TABLE] To: | VTB BANK (PJSC)

[TABLE] 1. | GENERAL PROVISIONS

[TABLE] 1.1 | This letter is sent in connection with the following documents:

[TABLE] 1.1.1 | agreement on provision of a syndicated facility in the amount of 7,000,000,000 roubles dated 16 May 2016 (the “Facility Agreement”) made between the Bank as the arranger, facility agent and original lender and LLC Zemenik as the borrower (the “Borrower”), as amended by amendment agreement No. 1 dated 14 December 2016, amendment agreement No. 2 dated 28 June 2017, amendment agreement No. 3 dated 5 October 2017 and amendment agreement No. 4 dated          December 2017 (“Amendment Agreement No. 4”);

[TABLE] 1.1.2 | pledge agreement in respect of the interest in the charter capital of LLC Headhunter dated 26 May 2016 (the “Interest Pledge Agreement”) made between the Bank as the pledgee and the Company as the pledgor, as amended by amendment agreement No. 1 dated 5 October 2017; and

[TABLE] 1.1.3 | independent guarantee dated 1 June 2016 (the “Independent Guarantee”) issued by the Company in favour of the Bank, subject to amendments No. 1 dated 5 October 2017.

[TABLE] 2. | CONSENTS AND CONFIRMATIONS

[TABLE] 2.1 | Hereby we agree and confirm that:

[TABLE] 2.1.1 | we are aware of all the terms and conditions of Amendment Agreement No. 4, have no objections as to the content thereof, agree to execution thereof by the parties and are not entitled to refer to the fact that we were not aware of the terms and conditions of Amendment Agreement No. 4;

[TABLE] 2.1.2 | the Interest Pledge Agreement and Independent Guarantee continue to secure the Borrower’s obligations under the Facility Agreement in full, subject to consents, amendments and supplements provided or made by Amendment Agreement No. 4;

[TABLE] 2.1.3 | the Interest Pledge Agreement and Independent Guarantee are effective, have full legal force and effect and we continue to duly perform the obligations under the Interest Pledge Agreement and Independent Guarantee in accordance with the terms and conditions thereof; and

[TABLE] 2.1.4 | the Company shall provide the Bank with representations of fact set out in Clause 5 (Pledgor’s Representations of Fact) of the Interest Pledge Agreement on the date hereof with a reference to the circumstances existing as at the date hereof. The references in the representations of fact provided under this clause to the Interest Pledge Agreement shall be deemed to include references hereto as well.

[TABLE] 3. | GOVERNING LAW AND DISPUTES RESOLUTION

[TABLE] 3.1 | This letter of consent shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Russian Federation.

[TABLE] 3.2 | In case of any dispute in connection with this letter of consent, such dispute shall be reviewed by the Moscow City Arbitrazh Court.

[TABLE] From: | Zemenik Trading Limited

[TABLE] To: | VTB BANK (PJSC)

[TABLE] 1. | GENERAL PROVISIONS

[TABLE] 1.1 | This letter is sent in connection with the following documents:

[TABLE] 1.1.1 | agreement on provision of a syndicated facility in the amount of 7,000,000,000 roubles dated 16 May 2016 (the “Facility Agreement”) made between the Bank as the arranger, facility agent and original lender and LLC Zemenik as the borrower (the “Borrower”), as amended by amendment agreement No. 1 dated 14 December 2016, amendment agreement No. 2 dated 28 June 2017, amendment agreement No. 3 dated 5 October 2017 and amendment agreement No. 4 dated          December 2017 (“Amendment Agreement No. 4”);

[TABLE] 1.1.2 | pledge agreement in respect of the interest in the charter capital of the Borrower dated 26 May 2016 (the “Interest Pledge Agreement”) made between the Bank as the pledgee and the Company as the pledgor, as amended by amendment agreement No. 1 dated 5 October 2017; and

[TABLE] 1.1.3 | independent guarantee dated 1 June 2016 (the “Independent Guarantee”) issued by the Company in favour of the Bank, subject to amendments No. 1 dated 5 October 2017.

[TABLE] 2. | CONSENTS AND CONFIRMATIONS

[TABLE] 2.1 | Hereby we agree and confirm that:

[TABLE] 2.1.1 | we are aware of all the terms and conditions of Amendment Agreement No. 4, have no objections as to the content thereof, agree to execution thereof by the parties and are not entitled to refer to the fact that we were not aware of the terms and conditions of Amendment Agreement No. 4;

[TABLE] 2.1.2 | the Interest Pledge Agreement and Independent Guarantee continue to secure the Borrower’s obligations under the Facility Agreement in full, subject to consents, amendments and supplements provided or made by Amendment Agreement No. 4;

[TABLE] 2.1.3 | the Interest Pledge Agreement and Independent Guarantee are effective, have full legal force and effect and we continue to duly perform the obligations under the Interest Pledge Agreement and Independent Guarantee in accordance with the terms and conditions thereof; and

[TABLE] 2.1.4 | the Company shall provide the Bank with representations of fact set out in Clause 5 (Pledgor’s Representations of Fact) of the Interest Pledge Agreement on the date hereof with a reference to the circumstances existing as at the date hereof. The references in the representations of fact provided under this clause to the Interest Pledge Agreement shall be deemed to include references hereto as well.

[TABLE] 3. | GOVERNING LAW AND DISPUTES RESOLUTION

[TABLE] 3.1 | This letter of consent shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Russian Federation.

[TABLE] 3.2 | In case of any dispute in connection with this letter of consent, such dispute shall be reviewed by the Moscow City Arbitrazh Court.


================================================================================
📋 DOCUMENT: Law_Insider_new-fortress-energy-llc_syndicated-loan-agreement-among-nfe-north-holdings-limited-the-borrower-national-commercial-bank-j_Filed_09-11-2018_Contract
================================================================================
Exhibit 10.10

SYNDICATED LOAN AGREEMENT

among

NFE NORTH HOLDINGS LIMITED
(the Borrower)

NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANK JAMAICA LIMITED
(as Arranger)

THE LENDERS LISTED IN SCHEDULE 1
(the Lenders)

and

JCSD TRUSTEE SERVICES LIMITED
(the Agent)

PATTERSON MAIR HAMILTON

Attorneys-at-Law

Temple Court

85 Hope Road

Kingston 6

Tel: (876) 920-4000

Fax (876) 920-0244

E-mail: info@pmhlaw.net

2

SYNDICATED LOAN AGREEMENT

THIS AGREEMENT is made as of the                      day of May. 2016

AMONG:

3

NOW THEREFORE IT IS AGREED as follows:

1.             Definitions and Construction

1.1           Definitions:  In this Agreement:

“Acting in Concert” means Persons who, pursuant to .an agreement (whether formal or informal), actively cooperate to obtain Control of a company by acquiring its shares.

“Affiliate” means, as to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such Person or is director or officer of such Person. For purposes of this definition and the definition of the term “Subsidiary”, the term “control” (including the terms “controlling,” “controlled by” and “under common control with”) of a Person means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to vote 50% or more of the voting shares of such Person.

“Agent” means JCSD TRUSTEE SERVICES LIMITED or any other agent for the Lenders appointed pursuant to clause 17.15.

“Agent Fee Letter” means a letter dated on or before the date hereof between the Arranger and the Borrower setting out the amount of various fees referred to in clause 18 (“Fees”).

“Agreed Rate” means; (1) during the continuance of an Event of Default which remains uncured or unremedied following receipt of notice of default, 14.10% per annum; and (2) at all other times, 8.10% per annum.

“Agreement” means this Syndicated Loan Agreement;

“Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday or public holiday) on which banks are open for business generally in Jamaica.

“Change of Control” means the failure of (i) the Sponsor to maintain Control (as hereinafter defined) of Borrower or Guarantor; and (ii) Atlantic Energy Holdings Limited to maintain Control of the Borrower.

“Closing Date” means the date being a Business Day, confirmed in writing by the Agent to the Borrower and the Lenders (following execution of this Agreement) as being the date on which all the conditions precedent set out in clause 4 are satisfied.

4

“Commitment” means the amount set opposite the name of a Lender in Schedule I to the extent not cancelled or reduced under this Agreement OR such amount as a Lender may undertake to make available to the Borrower pursuant to the terms hereof.

“Commitment Period” means the period from the date of this Agreement to the Term Date (both days inclusive).

“Contractual Obligations” means, as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, lease, instrument or other undertaking affecting such Person or to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound.

“Control” (including the terms “controlling,” “controlled by” and “under common control with”) means:

(a)           a holding, or aggregate holdings, of shares carrying more than 50% of the voting rights attributable to the share capital of a company which are currently exercisable at a general meeting, irrespective of whether the holding or holdings gives de facto control; or

(b)           the right to elect directly or indirectly more than one half of the board of directors of a company; or

(c)           the ability (directly or indirectly) to control or to exercise a decisive influence over the policy of a company.

“Date of Disbursement” means the date on which the first or only disbursement is made of any Loan hereunder PROVIDED THAT the expression “date of disbursement” when used shall bear a separate meaning, as the context requires.

“Environmental Action” means any action, suit, demand, demand letter, claim, notice of non-compliance or violation, notice of liability or potential liability, investigation, proceeding, consent order or consent agreement relating in any way to any Environmental Law, any Environmental Permit or Hazardous Material or arising from alleged injury or threat to health, safety or the environment, including, without limitation, (a) by any governmental or regulatory authority for enforcement, cleanup, removal, response, remedial or other actions or damages; and (b) by any governmental or regulatory authority or third party for damages, contribution, indemnification, cost recovery, compensation or injunctive relief.

5

“Environmental Laws” means all statutes, regulations, rules, orders, directions, codes, ordinances, decrees and requirements of the Government of Jamaica or any agency, department or statutory authority thereof regulating, relating to, or imposing, liability or standards of conduct concerning the protection of human health or other living organism or the protection of the environment or the prevention of noise or other nuisances, as are in effect at the time of the relevant representation.

“Environmental Permit” means any licence, permit, approval or other authorization granted to the Borrower under any Environmental Law.

“Event of Default” means any of the events or circumstances set out in sub-clause 16.1 and “Potential Event of Default” means any event which, with the giving of notice, the lapse of time, or both would constitute an Event of Default.

“Facility” or “Term Loan” means the term loan facility of up to Forty-Four Million United States Dollars (US$44,000,000) to be granted pursuant to clause 2.1.

“Fee Letter” means a letter dated on or before the date hereof between the Arranger and the Borrower setting out the amount of various fees referred to in clause 1$ (“Fees”).

“Finance Parties” means the Arranger, the Lenders and the Agent and “Finance Party” means any of them.

6

“Financial Indebtedness” of any Person means, without double counting, (a) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money (including debit balances at any bank or other financial institution); (b) all Obligations of such Person for the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade payables not overdue by more than 60 days unless the subject of a bona fide dispute and incurred in the ordinary course of such Person’s business); (c) all Obligations of such Person evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures, loan stock or other security or similar instruments; (d) all Obligations of such Person created or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement with respect to property acquired by such Person (even though the rights and remedies of the seller or lender under such agreement in the event of default are limited to repossession or sale of such property); (e) all Obligations of such Person as lessee under finance leases; (f) all Obligations of such Person under acceptances, letters of credit or similar facilities; (g) all Obligations of a Person under any agreement whereby its receivables are sold (otherwise than on a non-recourse basis); (h) all Obligations of such Person arising under guarantees, indemnities or similar assurance in respect of borrowed money and (i) all indebtedness and other payment Obligations referred to in clauses (a) through (h) above of another Person guaranteed by such Person or secured by (or for which the holder of such debt has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Security Interest on property (including, without limitation, accounts and contract rights) owned by such Person or to sell such Financial Indebtedness to such Person, even though such Person has not assumed or become liable for the payment of such indebtedness or other payment Obligations. To the intent that Financial Indebtedness shall be determined on a consolidated basis, references to “Person” in this definition shall include a Person and all its Subsidiaries.

7

“Governmental Authority” means any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision thereof and any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government.

“Guarantor” means the entity more particularly described in PART A of SCHEDULE 3 or other Security Issuer(s) as the Lenders may accept as a party/parties providing Security Document(s) who shall provide guarantee(s) and or security documents in favour of the Agent for the benefit of the Lenders, with respect to the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement but shall not include NFE Bermuda.

“Hazardous Materials” means (a) petroleum or petroleum products, by-products or breakdown products, radioactive materials, asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls and radon gas; and (b) any other chemicals, materials or substances designated, classified or regulated as hazardous or toxic or as a pollutant or contaminant under any Environmental Law.

“Hedge Agreements” means interest rate swap, cap or collar agreements, interest rate future or option contracts, currency swap agreements, currency future or option contracts and any other hedging agreement.

8

“Intercreditor Agreement” means an agreement to be entered into by relevant parties governing the relationship between the Lenders and the Agent (in its capacity as collateral agent for the Lenders) in each case for the benefit of the parties entitled to the protection of the Security Documents.

“IFRS” accounts prepared according to the generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America as in in effect from time to time and reconciled by the Borrower with the International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted and applied generally in Jamaica.

“Intellectual Property Rights” means patents, trade marks and service marks, rights in designs, trade or business names, copyrights and database rights (whether or not any of these is registered and including applications for registration of any such thing) and all rights or forms of protection of a similar nature or having equivalent or similar effect to any of these in any part of the world;

“Interest Payment Date” means as applicable (i) the last Business Day in the month following the month in which the Date of Disbursement shall occur (ii) the last Business Day of each subsequent calendar month (iii) the Maturity Date and (iv) the date upon which interest may be payable pursuant to a Notice of Acceleration.

“Interest Period” means in the first instance, the period commencing on the date of disbursement of the respective Loan and ending on and including the day immediately before the first Interest Payment Date and thereafter commencing with the last previous Interest Payment Date and ending on and including the day immediately prior to the next Interest Payment Date.

“LNG Supplier Agreements” means any agreement to supply LNG to Borrower or one of its Affiliates.

“Lending Office” means, as respect any Lender, the office as notified to the Agent by such Lender as the office through which it will perform all or any of its obligations under this Agreement.

9

“Loan” means the principal amount of each secured borrowing by the Borrower under this Agreement or the principal amount outstanding of that borrowing and “Loans” means the secured borrowings under the Facility. 

“Loan Documents” means this Agreement, the Related Documents the Notes or any other document designated as such by the Agent in writing and the Borrower and Loan Document shall be construed accordingly.

“Majority Lenders” means, at any time, one or more Lender(s): (a) whose participation(s) in the Loans then outstanding aggregate 75% or more of all the Loans then outstanding; or (b) if there are no Loans then outstanding, whose Commitments then aggregate 75%] or more of the Total Commitments.

“Mandatory Prepayment” means any mandatory payment together with interest thereon required to be paid by the Borrower pursuant to clause 7.2 (ii).

“Material Adverse Change” means any event, development or circumstance that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

“Material Adverse Effect” means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, condition (financial or otherwise) operations, performance, properties or prospects of the Borrower, any Guarantor and/or NFE Bermuda, taken as a whole; (b) the validity, legality or enforceability of any Loan Document; (c) the rights and remedies of the Agent or any Lender under any of the Loan Documents; (d) material reductions in security margins or values including minimum credit balances, where applicable; or (e) the ability of the Borrower to perform its Obligations under any of the Loan Documents OR of a Security Issuer to perform its Obligations under any Security Document.

“Maturity Date” means with respect to any of the Loans the day immediately preceding the seventh (7th) anniversary of the Date of Disbursement or such later date as the Lenders and the Borrower may agree in writing.

“Merger” means with respect to the Borrower any amalgamation de-merge, merger or reconstruction or conveyance or transfer of its properties and assets substantially or in its entirety to any Person.

10

 “NFE Bermuda” means NFE North Holdings Limited, a Bermuda exempted limited liability company, an Affiliate of the Borrower;

“Note” means a promissory note issued in accordance with clause 10A and Notes shall be construed accordingly.

“Notice of Acceleration” means a notice issued to the Borrower pursuant to clause 7.2 (ii) or clause 16.2(b).

“Obligation” means, with respect to any Person, any payment, performance or other obligation of such Person of any kind, including, without limitation, any liability of such Person on any claim, whether or not the right of any creditor to payment in respect of such claim is reduced to judgment, liquidated, un-liquidated, fixed, contingent, matured, disputed, undisputed, legal, equitable, secured or unsecured, and whether or not such claim is stayed or otherwise affected by any proceeding. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Obligations of the Borrower under the Loan Documents include the obligation to pay principal, interest, charges, expenses, fees, reasonable attorneys’ fees and disbursements, indemnities and other amounts payable by the Borrower under any Loan Document.

“Party” means either a Finance Party or the Borrower.

“Payment Date” means a Business Day on which any installment of principal is payable under this Agreement.

“Permitted Financial Indebtedness” means:

11

“Permitted Guarantee” means:

“Permitted Security Interest” means such of the following as to which no enforcement, collection, execution, levy or foreclosure proceeding shall have been commenced or if commenced, which are being contested in good faith:

12

“Person” means an individual, partnership, corporation (including a business trust), limited liability company, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture or other entity, or a government or any political subdivision or agency thereof.

“Project” shall bear the meaning ascribed to this expression in Clause 3.

13

“Qualified Shareholder Debt” means any unsecured subordinated indebtedness between the Guarantor or the Borrower on the one hand and any direct or indirect parent company of the Borrower or the Guarantor on the other hand.

“Related Document” means the Fee Letter, the Security Documents, and any other agreement between the Borrower and the Lenders relating to the Facility.

“Request for Disbursement” means a request for disbursement in the form set out in Appendix 2.

“Requirement of Law” means, as to any Person, the articles of incorporation. memorandum of association and articles of association, by-laws or other organizational or governing documents of such Person, and any law, treaty, rule, permit, license, administrative position or regulation or determination of an arbitrator or a court or other Governmental Authority, in each case applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject.

“Security Documents” means the security documents issued by the Borrower or the Guarantor as described in PART B of SCHEDULE 3 and/or any other security document issued by the Borrower or any Security Issuer as the Lenders may accept, the same to be security for the whole or any part of the Borrower’s obligations to the Lenders.

“Security Interest” means, whether arising by operation of law or otherwise, any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge (whether fixed or floating), assignment, hypothecation, security interest, title retention, preferential right, trust arrangement, right of set-off, counterclaim or banker’s lien, privilege, or priority of any kind having the effect of security, any designation of loss payees or beneficiaries or any similar arrangement under or with respect to any insurance policy or any preference of one creditor over another arising by operation of law and any transaction which, although in legal terms is not a secured borrowing, has an economic or financial effect similar to that of a secured borrowing.

“Security Issuer” means an issuer of a Security Document as required by the Agent for the benefit of the Lenders.

14

“Solvent” and “Solvency” means, with respect to any Person on a particular date, that on such date (a) the fair value of the property of such Person is greater than the total amount of liabilities of such Person, including, without limitation, contingent liabilities, of such Person, (b) the present fair saleable value of the assets of such Person is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the liabilities of such Person on its debts as they become absolute and matured, (c) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities beyond such Person’s ability to pay such debts and liabilities as they mature and (d) such Person is not engaged in business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in business or a transaction, for which such Person’s property would constitute an unreasonably small capital. The amount of contingent liabilities at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in the light of all the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that is reasonably expected to become an actual or matured liability. For the purposes of this definition and this Agreement, Qualified Shareholder Debt shall be treated as a part of the equity base of the Borrower and not liabilities.

“Sponsor” shall mean Fortress Investment Group LLC or any other Person or Persons that, directly or indirectly, Controls, is Controlled by or is under common control with the Sponsor.

“Subsidiary” means, as to any company, any other company or other corporate body directly or indirectly controlled by such first-mentioned company and “Subsidiaries” shall be construed  accordingly.

“Tangible Net Worth” means, at any time, as respects the Borrower, the aggregate of;

15

(A)        adding any amount standing to the credit of the profit and loss account of the period ending on the date of such Balance Sheet to the extent not included in sub-paragraph (ii) above and to the extent the amount is not attributable to any dividend or other distribution declared, recommended or made by the Borrower AND any Financial Indebtedness of the Borrower subordinated to the Lenders including any Qualified Shareholder Debt;

(B)          deducting any amount standing to the debit or the profit and loss account of the Borrower for the period ending on the date of the Balance Sheet; 

16

(C)          deducting any amount attributable to goodwill or any other intangible asset;

(E)          reflecting any variation in the amount of the issued share capital of the Borrower;

(F)          reflecting any variation in the interest of the Borrower in any other company since the date of the latest Balance Sheet to the extent same impacts the issued share capital of the Borrower;

(G)          excluding any amount attributable to minority interests; and

(H)          excluding any loans or credit facilities to their directors and Affiliates.

“Taxes” means all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, fees, charges or withholdings of whatever nature and wherever levied, charged or assessed, together with any interest thereon and any penalties in respect thereof.

“Term Date” means the One Hundred and Twentieth (120”) day following the Closing Date.

“Total Commitments” means the aggregate for the time being of the Commitments being up to US$44,000,000.00 at the date of this Agreement.

17

1.2           Construction

a “month” is a reference to a period starting on one day in a calendar month and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the next calendar month, except that, if there is no numerically corresponding day in the month in which that period ends, then that period shall end on the last day in that calendar month;

a “regulation” includes any regulation, rule. official directive, request or guideline (whether or not having the force of law) of any governmental body, agency, department or regulatory. self-regulatory or other authority or authorization;

18

(i)          ranks equal in right of payment with existing and future unsubordinated indebtedness of the Borrower; and

(ii)         ranks prior in right of payment with existing (if any) and future subordinated indebtedness of the Borrower.

2.             The Facility

2.1           Facility: Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Lenders agree to make the Facility available during the Commitment Period to the Borrower up to the aggregate principal amounts not exceeding the Total Commitments. The principal sum of the Facility may be drawn down in a single advance equal to the Total Commitments or multiple advances equal to the Total Commitments. No Lender is obliged to lend more than its Commitment.

19

2.2           Severability of a Finance Party’s rights and obligations

The obligations of each Lender under this Agreement are several. The failure of any Lender to carry out its obligations under this Agreement shall not relieve any other Lender, the Agent or the Borrower from any of its or their respective obligations under this Agreement. The Agent shall not be responsible for the obligation of any Lender nor shall any Lender be responsible for the obligations of any other Lender under this Agreement.

2.3          Notwithstanding any other term of this Agreement, the interests of the Lenders are several and the aggregate of the amounts outstanding at any time under this Agreement from the Borrower to each Lender or to the Agent in its capacity as such is a separate and independent debt. The Agent and every Lender shall each have the right to enforce its rights arising out of this Agreement without having, in the case of the Agent, to join the Lender or, in the case of a Lender, to join the Agent, as an additional party in any proceedings to enforce such rights.

3.             Purpose

The Borrower shall apply the Loans to (a) assisting with the construction and development of a LNG terminal at the Port of Montego Bay, in the Parish of Saint James, Jamaica, and related infrastructure (the “Project”): (b) the purchase of equipment, machinery and other property in relation to the Project; (c) pay fees and expenses related to the Facility and (d) any other use that is permitted by, or not expressly prohibited by, this Agreement. Neither the Agent, the Arranger nor the Lenders nor any of them shall be obliged to concern themselves with such application.

4.             Conditions precedent

4.1           Documentary conditions precedent: The obligations of each Lender to the Borrower under this Agreement are subject to the conditions precedent that the Agent has notified to the Borrower and the Lenders that it has received all of the documents set out in Schedule 2 in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent.

4.2           Further conditions precedent: The obligation of each Lender to make any amount available under sub-clause 5.3 (Advance of Loans) is subject to the further conditions precedent that:

20

without regard, in either case, to the effect of any such Material Adverse Change on the Borrower;

21

22

4.2A        Special Conditions: The obligation of each Lender to make any amount available under sub-clause 5.3 (Advance of Loans) is subject also to the Special Conditions set forth in Part B of Schedule 2.

4.3           Conditions Subsequent: The Borrower shall be required to prepay the Loans in the event that the Borrower fails to satisfy (and the Agent (on behalf of the Lenders) shall not have waived in writing) any of the condition(s) subsequent set forth in PART C of Schedule 2.

5.             Drawdown

5.1           Commitment Period: The Borrower may borrow a Loan during the Commitment Period if the Agent receives, not later than three (3) Business Days before the proposed drawdown date, a duly completed Request for Disbursement. The undrawn amount (if any) of the Facility shall automatically be cancelled at close of business on the Term Date.

5.2           Completion of requests for Loans: A request for a Loan or an advance in respect of a Loan will not be regarded as having been duly completed unless:

23

Each request must specify one Loan only, but the Borrower may, subject to the other terms of this Agreement, deliver more than one request on any one day.

5.3           Advance of Loans: The Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the details of the requested Loans. Subject to the terms of this Agreement:

The amount of a Lender’s participation in the Loans will be the proportion of such Loans which its Commitment in respect of such Loans bears to all Commitments for such Loans. Every advance made by a Lender and applied in accordance with (a) of this clause 5.3 shall be deemed to be a borrowing in accordance with that Lender’s Commitment.

6.             Repayment

The Borrower shall repay the aggregate of principal amounts drawn down under the Facility as follows, (each date of payment, a “Payment Date”):

24

For purposes of the foregoing, “Moratorium Period” means “a moratorium applied to repayment of the principal sum of the Loan for a period of six (6) months from the Date of Disbursement”.

7.             Prepayment and Cancellation

7.1           Voluntary Prepayment: The Borrower may, at any time, upon giving to the Agent not less than thirty (30) days’ prior written notice specifying the date and intended amount of the payment, prepay the Loans on the last day of an Interest Period in whole or in part (but, if in part, in an integral multiple of five hundred thousand United States Dollars (US$500,000.00) but not less than one million United States Dollars (US$1,000,000.00) paying (1) during the period of one (1) year from the Date of Disbursement a pre-payment fee of two percent (2%) of any amount being prepaid; and during the period commencing one (1) year from the Date of Disbursement and expiring on the fifth (5th) anniversary of such date, a pre-payment fee of one percent (1%) of any amount being prepaid. For the avoidance of doubt, after the fifth (5th) anniversary aforesaid there shall be no prepayment penalty. All prepayments shall be made together with accrued interest thereon up to the date of prepayment. Any such prepayment shall be applied pro rata against the repayment installments payable to the Lenders in inverse order of maturity. No amount prepaid may be re-borrowed

7.2           Mandatory Prepayment: If there shall occur, (i) without the prior consent of the Lenders in writing given by the Agent on the direction of all the Lenders, a Change of Control or a Merger of the Borrower; or (ii) any Material Adverse Change, then the Agent may at the direction of the Majority Lenders by notice in writing to the Borrower:

25

and thereupon the said Commitment shall be Cancelled and the Borrower shall be obliged to prepay the Loan in accordance with the notice. Mandatory prepayments shall be made without premium or penalty.

7.3           Restrictions on Prepayments:

8.             Interest

8.2           Interest Calculation: All interest shall accrue from day to day and be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed and a 365-day year (and 366 days in a leap year). Any certificate or determination by the Agent as to interest payable under this Agreement for any Interest Period shall, in the absence of manifest or proven error, be conclusive and binding on the Borrower.

26

8.3           Interest Payment: Interest calculated at the rate and in the manner set out above, shall be due and payable on each Interest Payment Date.

9.             Default Rate

9.1           Default interest: If the Borrower fails to pay any amount (including interest) payable by it under this Agreement on the due date, it shall forthwith on demand by the Agent pay interest on the overdue amount from the day immediately following the expiry of any grace period before default provided for in clause 16.1(a) herein up to the date of actual payment, as well after as before judgment, at a rate per annum (the “Default Rate”) determined by the Agent to be the aggregate of the 8.10% per annum plus 6 % per annum.

9.2           Compounding: Default Interest will be compounded as at each Interest Payment Date by adding same to principal.

10.           Other Payment Provisions

10.1          Place: Subject to any subsequent notice in writing from the Agent to the Borrower or, as the case may be, to Lenders varying instructions for method of payment, all payments by the Borrower or a Lender under this Agreement shall be made one (1) Business Day before the respective payment/due date, by wire transfer in the case of payment made in United States Dollars to such account(s) and by such instructions as the Agent shall notify in writing.

10.2         Funds: Payments under this Agreement to the Agent shall be made for value on the due date

10.3         Distribution

27

10.4         Currency

10.5         Set-off and counterclaim  All payments made by the Borrower under this Agreement shall be made without set-off or counterclaim.

10.6         Non-Business Days

28

10.7         Partial payments

10A        Promissory Notes

29

11.           Taxes

11.1         Gross-up: All payments by the Borrower under the Loan Documents shall be made without any deduction and free and clear of and without deduction for or on account of any Taxes, except to the extent that the Borrower is required by law to make payment subject to any Taxes. If any Tax or amounts in respect of Tax must be deducted, or any other deductions must be made, from any amounts payable or paid by the Borrower, or paid or payable by the Agent to a Lender, under the Loan Documents the Borrower shall pay such additional amounts as may be necessary to ensure that the relevant Lender receives a net amount equal to the full amount which it would have received had payment not been made subject to Tax.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, following a transfer by an existing Lender to a new Lender of any commitment or loans under this Agreement, the Borrower shall not be obligated to pay any additional amounts with respect to Tax that would not have been imposed on the existing Lender for or on account of Taxes without the prior written consent of the Borrower PROVIDED THAT the Borrower is not then in default (after the expiration of any applicable cure period).

30

11.2         Tax receipts: All Taxes required by law to be deducted or withheld by the Borrower from any amounts paid or payable under the Loan Documents shall be paid by the Borrower when due. Upon the written request of the Agent, the Borrower shall, within 15 days of the payment being made, deliver to the Agent for the relevant Lender evidence satisfactory to that Lender (including all relevant Tax receipts) that the payment has been duly remitted to the appropriate authority.

12.           Increased Costs

31

12.2          Exceptions: clause 12.1 (Increased costs) does not apply to any increased cost:

12.3          Prepayment:  Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in this Agreement, in event that any increased costs become due and payable by Borrower pursuant to clauses 11 12 and 13. the Borrower may, without premium or penalty. including but not limited to any prepayment fee under clause 7.1, prepay the outstanding Loans together with any accrued and unpaid interest.

13.           Illegality

If it is or becomes unlawful in Jamaica for a Lender to give effect to any of its obligations as contemplated by this Agreement or to fund or maintain its participation in any Loan, then:

32

14.           Representations and Warranties

14.1         Representations and warranties by the Borrower: The Borrower represents and warrants to each Finance Party that:

33

34

35

36

(ii) Neither of the Guarantor nor the Borrower has taken any action which would result in an event, development or circumstance that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect under items (b) or (c) of the definition of “Material Adverse Effect”;

37

14.2         Times for making representations and warranties:

14.3         Effect of Investigation: The rights and remedies of each Finance Party in respect of any misrepresentation or breach of warranty on the part of the Borrower shall not be prejudiced or affected by any investigation of the Borrower or its affairs by the Arranger or any of the other Finance Parties or without limitation. any other act or matter which, but for the provision would or might prejudice or affect any such right or remedies.

14.4         Representations and Warranties by the Lenders: Each of the Lenders hereby represents and warrants to the Borrower that:

38

15.           Covenants

15.1         Positive covenants: So long as any Commitment remains in effect or any amount is owing to any Finance Party hereunder or under any other Loan Document (and save as specifically otherwise provided for hereunder):

39

40

in sufficient copies for all of the Lenders. if the Agent so requests;

a certificate signed by two of its senior officers or directors on its behalf certifying that no Event of Default is outstanding or. if an Event of Default is outstanding, specifying the Event of Default and the steps, if any, being taken to remedy it;

any authorization required to be obtained by the Borrower under any law or regulation to enable it to perform its obligations under. or for the validity or enforceability of, any Loan Document:

41

42

43

The Borrower shall maintain and preserve, and cause the Guarantor to maintain and preserve, all of its properties that are used or useful in the conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted to the extent that failure to do so would be likely to have a Material Adverse Effect;

44

15.2         Negative Covenants: Except with the prior consent in writing by the Lenders making up 75% of the total outstanding debt (or where so specified below, the Majority Lenders), so long as any Commitment remains in effect or any amount is owing to any Finance Party hereunder or under any other Loan Document (and save as specifically otherwise provided for hereunder or consented to in writing by the Lenders):

45

in circumstances where the transaction is entered into primarily as a method of raising finance or of financing the acquisition of an asset:

46

47

15.3         Financial covenants

(a)          Commencing December 31. 2017, so long as any amount under the Term Loan remains outstanding or is owing to Lenders the Borrower shall procure that there be maintained the following ratios regarding the performance of the Borrower, the same to be tested semi-annually on a trailing 12 months basis against the consolidated results of the Borrower:

(i)  from the date of first testing to December 31, 2018 of 1.1; and

(ii) thereafter of 1.2;

(i)  from the date of first testing to the third anniversary of the Closing Date of 4.2;

(ii) thereafter of 3.1

(b)           For purposes of the foregoing:

“Current Assets” are cash, accounts receivable, inventory, amounts held in the Debt Service Reserve Account and other assets that are likely to be converted into cash, sold, exchanged or expended in the normal course of business within one year or less, excluding amounts due from related parties.

48

“Current Liabilities” means debts that are or will become payable within one year or one operating cycle, whichever is longer, excluding amounts due to related parties, and which will require Current Assets to pay (including accounts payable, accrued expenses, deferred revenue and the current portion of long-term debt).

“Current Ratio” means the ratio of Current Assets to Current Liabilities.

“Debt Servicing Coverage Ratio” means the ratio of X to Y, where:

X is Operating Cash Flow, and

Y is the sum of (i) interest expense (not including accrued and unpaid interest related to Qualified Shareholder Debt) for the trailing 12 months and (ii) the principal amortization for the trailing 12 months

“EBITDA” means operating earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortizations expenses.

“Leverage Ratio” means the ratio of X to Y:

X is the aggregate principal amount outstanding under this Agreement, not including undrawn commitments, and

Y is EBITDA

“Loan-to-Value” means the percentage resulting from dividing X by Y:

X is the aggregate principal amount outstanding under this Agreement, not including undrawn commitments, and

Y is (i) during construction of the Project, Projects costs as determined by the Quantity Surveyor’s or Independent Engineer’s estimates; and (ii) post construction of the Project, the market value of the Project as quoted in a Valuation Report prepared by a Valuator acceptable to the Majority Lenders

“Operating Cash Flow” means net income plus depreciation, interest, taxes and amortization expenses plus changes in working capital plus any non-cash charges

(c)          All Financial Covenants are to be tested semi-annually using annualized figures, in arrears, on a rolling twelve month basis commencing December 31, 2017.

(d)          Combination: All the terms defined in paragraphs (a) and (b) above are to be determined in accordance with IFRS.

49

15.4       Application of Financial Ratios.

Where it is provided that a financial ratio shall be achieved by the close of any financial period it means that such ratio shall be tested and proven based on the relevant financial statements as at the close of such financial period and thereafter shall be maintained so long as any sum is owing hereunder or any Commitment is in force.

15.5       Pari Passu Security:

If the Borrower shall at any time create any Security Interest (not being a Permitted Security Interest) over or in respect of any of its property or if any such Security Interest shall arise then, and in any such case, without prejudice to the Event of Default which shall thereby occur and any action which the Borrower may take under sub-clause 16.2. a like Security Interest, ranking pari passu with the first mentioned Security Interest and securing the obligations owing under the Loan Documents, shall be automatically and simultaneously created in favour of the Agent as agent for the Finance Parties without requiring any further amendment or assurance in order to give full effect thereto and registration of notice of this Agreement on the Security Interests in Personal Property Register and/or delivery of the same to the Registrar of Companies shall constitute as applicable due registration of the same and delivery for registration of a charge under the Companies Act.

15.6       Duration: The undertakings in sub-clauses 15.1, 15.2, 15.3, 15.4 and 15.5 shall remain in force from the date of this Agreement for so long as any amount is or may be outstanding under this Agreement or any Commitment is in force.

16.         Events of Default

16.1       Events of Default: Each of the events set out in paragraphs (a) to (t) (inclusive) is an Event of Default (whether or not caused by any reason whatsoever outside the control of the Borrower or any other person).

50

51

52

53

54

55

16.2       Acceleration: At any time after the occurrence of an Event of Default:

16.3       Reasonable Right to Cure: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if there shall exist an Event of Default pursuant to paragraphs (c), (d) or (t) of Clause 16.1 and such default shall continue unremedied for a period exceeding the greater of (i) the cure period set forth therein (if any) and (ii) thirty (30) days from the occurrence of the Event of Default, or if such default is of a nature that it cannot with reasonable effort be completely remedied within such period, the Borrower shall be afforded such additional period of time as my reasonably be necessary to cure the same, provided that the Borrower must commence such cure within such period and diligently pursue the same, until completion, but in no event shall such extended period exceed sixty (60) days from the occurrence of the Event of Default.

56

17.         The Agent and the Arranger

17.1       Appointment and duties of the Agent: Each Finance Party (other than the Agent) appoints the Agent to act as its agent under and in connection with the Loan Documents and authorizes the Agent on its behalf to perform the duties and to exercise the rights, powers and discretions that are specifically delegated to it under or in connection with the Loan Documents together with any other incidental rights, powers and discretion. The Agent has only those duties which are expressly specified in this Agreement, and those duties are solely of a mechanical and administrative nature.

17.2       Role of the Arranger: Except as specifically provided in this Agreement the Arranger (in such capacity) has no obligations of any kind to any other Party under or in connection with any Loan Document.

17.3       Relationship: Subject to the provisions contained in Clause 17.3A, the relationship between the Agent and the other Finance Parties is that of agent and principal only. Nothing in this Agreement constitutes the Agent as trustee or fiduciary for any other Finance Party or any other person and the Agent need not hold in trust any moneys paid to it for a Finance Party or be liable to account for interest on those moneys. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the Borrower has made any payment to the Agent pursuant to this Agreement or any of the Security Documents, receipt of same by the Agent shall be a good discharge to the Borrower for such payment.

17.3A    Responsibilities as Collateral Agent: Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary herein and subject always to the provisions contained in the Intercreditor Agreement, the Agent as collateral agent (“Collateral Agent”) hereby declares that it holds and shall hold:

(i)          all rights, titles and interest that may now or hereafter be mortgaged, charged, assigned, pledged or otherwise secured in favour of the Agent by or pursuant to the Security Documents to which it is expressed to be a party as mortgagee, pledgee or equivalent;

(ii)          the benefit of all representations, covenants, guarantees, indemnities and other contractual provisions given in favour of the Agent (other than any such benefits given to the Agent solely for its own benefit) by or pursuant to the Security Documents; and

57

(iii)       all proceeds of the security referred to in (i) and (ii) above and of the enforcement of the benefits referred to (iii) above,

on trust for itself and the Lenders from time to time. Each of the parties hereto agrees that the obligations, rights and benefits vested or to be vested in the Agent by the Security Documents or any document entered into pursuant thereto shall (as well before as after enforcement) be performed and (as the case may be) exercised by the Agent in accordance with the provisions of the Security Documents, subject to the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement and this Clause 17.3A.

17.4       Majority Lenders’ directions: The Agent will be fully protected if it acts in accordance with the instructions of the Majority Lenders in connection with the exercise of any right, power or discretion or any matter not expressly provided for in this Agreement. Any such instructions given by the Majority Lenders will be binding on all the Lenders. In the absence of such instructions, the Agent may act, in such manner, as it considers to be in the best interest of all the Lenders. If and so long as the Agent is a Lender to which any Loan is owing it shall, in the capacity as a Lender, be entitled to vote as it deems fit in its best interest.

17.5       Delegation: The Agent may act under the Loan Documents through its personnel and agents.

17.6       Responsibility for documentation: Neither the Agent nor the Arranger is responsible to any other Finance Party for:

58

17.7       Default

17.8       Exoneration

59

17.9       Reliance; The Agent may

17.10     Credit approval and appraisal: Without affecting the responsibility of the Borrower for information supplied by it or on its behalf in connection with any Loan Document each Lender confirms (and by agreeing to make any Loan available to the Borrower pursuant to the terms hereof, confirms) that it:

17.11     Information

60

17.12     The Agent and the Arranger individually

61

17.13     Indemnities

17.14     Compliance

62

17.15     The Agent’s Resignation or Termination

63

17.16     Lenders: The Agent may treat each Lender as a Lender, entitled to payments under this Agreement and as acting through its Lending Offices(s) until it has received not less than five (5) Business Days’ prior notice from that Lender to the contrary.

17.17     Deduction from amounts payable by the Agent: If any Finance Party owes an amount to the Agent under the Loan Documents the Agent may, after giving notice to that Finance Party, deduct an amount not exceeding that amount from any payment to that Finance Party which the Agent would otherwise be obliged to make under the Loan Documents and apply the amount deducted in or towards satisfaction of the amount owed. For the purposes of the Loan Documents that Finance Party shall be regarded as having received any amount so deducted.

17.18     Timely Repayment by Lenders: Each Lender shall on first request, reimburse the Agent in respect of any payment of monies by the Agent to such Lender in any given instance where such payment is greater than the amount that the respective Lender should have received as a payment to be made to such Lender pursuant to the terms of the Loan Documents, such reimbursement to be effected as soon as possible and in any event on or before the expiration of five (5) days.

18.          Fees

18.1       Fees Payable to Lenders: The Borrower shall pay to the Agent for each Lender —

64

18.2       Arranging Fee: The Borrower shall pay to the Agent for the Arranger an arranging fee in the amount set out in the Fee Letter.

18.3       Agent’s fee: The Borrower shall pay to the Agent for its own account an administration and collateral agent’s fee in the amount and at the times agreed in the Agent’s Fee Letter, for so long as any amount is or may be outstanding under this Agreement or any Commitment is in force.

18.4       GCT: The fees referred to in this clause 18 are exclusive of any general consumption tax (“GCT”) and if any GCT is chargeable, it shall be paid by the Borrower at the same time as it pays the relevant fee.

19.          Expenses

19.1       Initial and special costs: The Borrower shall forthwith on demand pay the Agent and the Arranger the amount of all reasonable costs and expenses (including legal fees) incurred by either of them in connection with:

65

19.2       Enforcement costs: The Borrower shall forthwith on demand pay to each Finance Party the amount of all reasonable and documented costs and expenses (including legal fees) incurred by it in connection with the enforcement of, or the preservation of any rights under, any Loan Document but nothing in this sub-clause shall be deemed to restrict a Finance Party from taking such enforcement action as it deems appropriate.

20.          Stamp duties

The Borrower shall pay and forthwith on demand indemnify each Finance Party against any liability it incurs in respect of any stamp duty, registration fees and similar taxes or imposts which is or becomes payable in connection with the entry into, perfection, performance or enforcement of any Loan Document. For the avoidance of doubt, the Borrower shall not be liable for any penalties or interest incurred by any Finance Party as a result of late payment of any stamp duty, registration fees and similar taxes or imposts if the Borrower had made timely payment to such Finance Party in accordance with the provisions hereof to enable such Finance Party, acting reasonably, to effect the relevant payment before penalties and/or interest became due.

21.          Indemnities

21.1       The Borrower shall forthwith on demand indemnify each Finance Party against any loss or liability which that Finance Party incurs as a consequence of:

66

The Borrower’s liability in each case includes any loss of Margin or other loss or expense on account of funds borrowed, contracted for or authorized to fund any amount payable under any Loan Document any amount repaid or prepaid on any Loan,

21.2       If, for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum due hereunder in United States Dollars into another currency, the Borrower agrees, that the rate of exchange used shall be that at which, in accordance with normal banking procedures, the Agent on behalf of the respective Lender, as applicable, could purchase United States Dollars with such other currency in Kingston, Jamaica on the Business Day preceding that on which final, nonappealable judgment is given. The obligations of the Borrower in respect of any sum due to the Agent and/or the Lenders hereunder shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency other than United States Dollars, be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by the Agent or the Lender, as the case may be of any sum adjudged to be so due in such other currency, the Agent or the Lender, as the case may be, may in accordance with normal, reasonable banking procedures, purchase United States Dollars with such other currency. If the amount of United States Dollars so purchased is less than the sum originally due to the Agent or the Lender, as the case may be, in United States Dollars, the Borrower agrees, to the fullest extent that it may effectively do so, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify the Agent and each Lender against such loss.

22.          Evidence and calculations

22.1       Accounts: Accounts maintained by a Finance Party in connection with this Agreement are prima facie evidence of the matters to which they relate.

67

22.2       Certificates and determinations: Any certification or determination by a Finance Party of a rate or amount under this Agreement is, in the absence of manifest error. conclusive evidence of the matters to which it relates.

23          Amendments and Waivers

23.1       Procedure

23.2       Exceptions: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other document an amendment or waiver which relates to or would have the effect of:

68

may not be effected without the consent of each Lender and any amendment to sub-clause 15.2(a) (Negative Pledge) may only be effected with the consent of one or more Lenders: (a) whose participation(s) in the Loans then outstanding aggregate more than 75% of all the Loans then outstanding; or (b) if there are no Loans then outstanding, whose Commitments then aggregate more than 75% of the Total Commitments; or (c) if there are no Loans then outstanding and the Total Commitments have been reduced to nil, whose Commitments aggregated more than 75% of the Total Commitments immediately before the reduction. Any waiver, amendment, supplement or modification shall not require the signature or approval of the Agent unless its rights or duties (in such capacity) are affected thereby. Notwithstanding anything herein, any amendment which would amend or abrogate the pro rata sharing of payments among the Lenders shall require the consent of the Majority Lenders.

23.3       Waivers and Remedies Cumulative: The rights of each Finance Party under the Loan Documents:

69

Delay in exercising or non-exercise of any such right is not a waiver of that right.

24.          Changes to the parties

24.1       Transfers by the Borrower: The Borrower may not assign. transfer, novate or dispose of any interest in, or any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement.

24.2       Transfers by a Lender

70

71

24.3       Procedure for Novations

72

24.4       Register: The Agent shall keep a register of all the Finance Parties and shall supply any other Finance Party (at that Finance Party s expense) with a copy of the register on request.

73

25.         Disclosure of Information

Each Finance Party agrees to hold all Confidential information obtained pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement in accordance with its customary procedure for handling such information of this nature and in accordance with safe and sound banking practices, provided, that nothing herein shall prevent a Finance Party from disclosing and/or transferring such Confidential Information (i) upon the order of any court or administrative agency or otherwise to the extent required by statute, rule regulation or judicial process, (ii) to bank examiners or upon the request or demand of any other regulatory agency or authority, (iii) which had been publicly disclosed other than as a result of a disclosure by such Finance Party, (iv) in connection with any litigation to which such Finance Party is a party, or in connection with the exercise of any remedy hereunder or under the Note, (v) to the Finance Party’s legal counsel and independent auditors and accountants, (vi) to the Finance Party’s branches, subsidiaries, representative offices, affiliates and agents and third parties selected by any of the foregoing entities, wherever situated, for confidential use (including in connection with the provision of any service and for data processing, statistical and risk analysis purposes), and (vii) subject to their agreeing to provisions substantially similar to those contained in this clause to any actual or proposed transferee, participant or assignee.

74

“Confidential Information” means information that the Borrower furnishes to a Finance Party, but does not include any such information that is or becomes generally available to the public or that is or becomes available to the Finance Party from a source other than the Borrower, unless, to the actual knowledge of the recipient of such information, such source breached an obligation of confidentiality in providing such information to such recipient.

26.          Set-off

A Finance Party may set off any matured obligation owed by the Borrower under this Agreement (to the extent beneficially owned by that Finance Party) against any obligation (whether or not matured) owed by that Finance Party to the Borrower, regardless of the place of payment, booking branch or currency of either obligation. If the obligation owed by the Finance Party to the Borrower is in a currency other than Jamaican Dollars, then the Finance Party may convert such other currency into Jamaican Dollars at the weighted average spot purchase rate for such currency as published by the Bank of Jamaica for the trade date immediately before the date of conversion and if there is no such published rate, then at the rate of exchange at which such Finance Party would have purchased with Jamaican Dollars such other currency in its usual course of business. If either obligation is unliquidated or unascertained, the Finance Party may set-off in an amount estimated by it in good faith to be the amount of that obligation.

27.          Pro rata Sharing

27.1       Redistribution: If any amount owing by the Borrower under this Agreement to the Finance Party (the “Recovering Finance Party”) is discharged by payment, set-off or any other manner other than through the Agent in accordance with clause 10 (Other Payment Provisions) (a “Recovery”), then:

75

27.2       Reversal of Redistribution: If under clause 27.1 (Redistribution):

each Finance Party shall, within three (3) Business Days of demand by the Recovering Finance Party through the Agent, reimburse the Recovering Finance Party for all or the appropriate portion of the Redistribution paid to that Finance Party. Thereupon, the subrogation in clause 27.1(e) (Redistribution) will operate in reverse to the extent of the reimbursement.

76

27.3       Exception: A Recovering Finance Party need not pay a Redistribution to the extent that it would not, after the payment, have a valid claim against the Borrower in the amount of the Redistribution pursuant to sub-clause 27.1(e) (Redistribution).

28.          Severability

If a provision of any Loan Document is or becomes illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, that shall not affect:

29.          Anti-Money Laundering

The Agent shall verify the source of funds before accepting deposits or processing transactions in respect of the Loan and shall report unusual transactions to the Governmental Authorities. Consent is hereby deemed to be given to the Agent by the Borrower to disclose this information to money laundering prevention and control officers within each Lender and relevant Governmental Authorities, for the purpose of ensuring that each Lender complies with money laundering legislation. The Borrower will indemnify the Agent for its out of pocket expenses, including reasonable legal fees and court costs for any investigation or potential investigation under applicable money laundering legislation regarding the Loan and its obligations as Agent hereunder, including but not limited to seeking direction from a court of competent jurisdiction on the Agent’s rights and responsibilities in such matters.

30.         Notices

30.1       Giving of notices: All notices or other communications under or in connection with this Agreement shall be given in writing or by electronic mail or facsimile. Any such notice will be deemed to be given as follows:

77

However, a notice given in accordance with the above but received on a non-Business Day or after business hours in the place of receipt will only be deemed to be given on the next Business Day.

30.2          Addresses for notices

JCSD TRUSTEE SERVICES LIMITED

40 Harbour Street

Kingston

Jamaica, W.I.

Attention: Mr. Robin Levy

Facsimile: (876) 948-6653

robinievy@iamstockex,com

31.         Jurisdiction

31.1       Submission: For the benefit of the Finance Parties, the Borrower agrees that the courts of Jamaica have jurisdiction to settle any disputes in connection with any Loan Document and accordingly submits to the jurisdiction of the Jamaican courts.

78

31.2       Non-exclusivity:          Nothing in this clause 31 limits the right of Finance Party to bring proceedings against the Borrower or the Guarantor in connection with any Loan Document:

32          Waiver of Immunity: To the extent that the Borrower may in any jurisdiction claim for itself or its assets immunity from suit, execution, attachment (whether in aid of execution, before judgment or otherwise) or other legal process and to the extent that in any such jurisdiction there may be attributed to itself or its assets such immunity (whether or not claimed), the Borrower hereby irrevocably agrees not to claim and hereby irrevocably waive such immunity to the full extent permitted by the laws of such jurisdiction.

33.         Counterparts

This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement by telecopier or electronic mail shall be effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Agreement.

34.          Governing law

This Agreement is governed by Jamaica law.

[REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY]

79

SCHEDULE 1

Lenders and Commitments

THE FACILITY

80

SCHEDULE 2

Conditions Precedent Documents

The following shall be provided in relation to the Borrower/Guarantor, as applicable:

1.            Copies of the Certificates of Incorporation of the Borrower/Guarantor duly certified by a Director or the Secretary of the Borrower/Guarantor.

2.            Copies of the constitutive documents of the Borrower/Guarantor duly certified by a Director or the Secretary of the Borrower/Guarantor.

3.           Copy of a borrowing Resolution of the Board of Directors of the Borrower (duly certified by the Chairman or the Secretary of the Borrower). Copy of a Resolution of the Guarantor (duly certified by the Chairman or the Secretary of the Borrower)

4.            A specimen of the signature of each person authorized to act on behalf of the Borrower/Guarantor, to sign and dispatch all Notes and other documents and notices to be signed and dispatched by it under or in connection with this Agreement.

5.           A certificate of an authorized signatory of the Borrower/Guarantor certifying that (i) the representations and warranties set out in sub-clause 14.1 are correct and will be correct after disbursement of the Loans and (ii) and that no Event of Default or Potential Event of Default is continuing or would result from the making of the Loans.

6            Certificate of the Chief Financial Officer of the Borrower that having regard to the aggregate unpaid principal amount of moneys borrowed by the Borrower as at the date of the certificate, the Directors of the Borrower would have authority to borrow the Loans without the sanction of an ordinary resolution of the Company.

7.            A copy of any other authorization or other document, opinion or assurance which the Agent considers to be necessary or desirable in connection with the entry into and performance of, and the transactions contemplated by, any Loan Document or for the validity, enforceability or admissibility in evidence or any Loan Document.

8.            The favourable legal opinion of legal advisors to the Borrower/Guarantor, addressed to the Finance Parties in form and substance acceptable to the Agent and the Lenders.

9.            The favourable legal opinion of legal advisor to the Arranger, addressed to the Finance Parties in form and substance acceptable to the Agent and the Lenders.

ADDITION AI , DOCUMENTS REQUIRED

81

PART B

Special Conditions

(See Clause 4.2A)

82

PART C

Conditions Subsequent

(See Clause 4.3)

83

SCHEDULE 3

The Security Documents

PART A

The Guarantor

Atlantic Energy Holdings Limited of

Parker House, Wildey Business Park, Wildey Road, St. Michael, Barbados

PART B

The Security Documents

84

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written.

85

86

87

88

89

APPENDIX I

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, NFE NORTH HOLDINGS LIMITED (the “Issuer”) HEREBY PROMISES TO PAY to the order of [*****] (“the Holder”) the principal sum of [****] UNITED STATES DOLLARS (US$ [***].00) (the “Principal Amount”) in the instalments set forth in the SCHEDULE provided that on the event that any payment with respect to Principal is not paid on the respective due date, the entire Principal Amount shall become due and payable.

The Issuer further promises to pay interest at the Agreed Rate on the unpaid Principal Amount hereof for each day during each Interest Period until the Principal Amount of the Note is repaid in full. Accrued interest shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. Interest is payable at the Agreed Rate and shall accrue from day to day (as well after as before any judgment) and be pro rated on the basis of a 365-day year for the actual number of days in the relevant Interest Period.

If any interest becomes due for payment on a day which is not a Business Day, then payment thereof shall be made on the succeeding Business Day (unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be the immediately preceding Business Day). All payments of principal and interest due under this Note shall be made without set-off or counterclaim and free and clear of any withholding taxes or other deductions.

This Note is one of the Notes referred to in the Loan Agreement dated the __ day of _________, 2016 between National Commercial Bank Jamaica Limited (as Arranger), JCSD Trustee Services Limited (as Agent) and National Commercial Bank Jamaica Limited and [      ] (as the Lenders) and is issued subject to, and entitled to the benefit of, the provisions of the Loan Agreement.

This Note is subject to optional and mandatory prepayment in whole or in part as provided in the Loan Agreement and upon the occurrence of one or more of the Events of Default (as defined in the Loan Agreement) all amounts then remaining unpaid may be declared to be immediately due and payable, all as provided in the Loan Agreement.

The Issuer hereby waives notice of dishonour, protest and presentment.

This Note shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of Jamaica.

In this Note:

“Agreed Rate” means: (1) during the continuance of an Event of Default which remains uncured or unremedied following receipt of notice of default, 14.10% per annum; and (2) at all other times, 8.10% per annum

90

“Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday or public holiday) on which banks are opened for business generally in Jamaica.

“Event of Default” has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Loan Agreement.

“Interest Payment Date” means as applicable (i) the last Business Day in the month following the month in which the Issue Date shall occur thereafter (ii) the last Business Day of each subsequent calendar month (iii) the Maturity Date and (iv) the date upon which interest may be payable pursuant to a Notice of Acceleration.

“Interest Period” means in the first instance, the period commencing on the date of disbursement of the respective Loan and ending on and including the day immediately before the first Interest Payment Date and thereafter commencing with the last previous Interest Payment Date and ending on and including the day immediately prior to the next Interest Payment Date.

SCHEDULE

IN WITNESS whereof, the Issuer has caused this Note to be duly executed on the Issue Date.

91

APPENDIX 2

Request for Disbursement

(referred to in sub-clauses 5.1 )

[Date]

Gentlemen:

Re: Syndicated Loan Agreement dated [                ], 2016

We refer to the above Syndicated Loan Agreement and hereby give you notice that we wish to draw a Loan of [US]. US$[         ] of the funds should be credited to Account No. [____] with [___].

We confirm that:

Words and expressions defined in the Loan Agreement shall have the same meanings when used herein. 

Yours faithfully

NFE NORTH HOLDINGS LIMITED

92

APPENDIX 3

Novation Certificate

Syndicated Loan Agreement dated [**]

We refer to sub-clause 24.3 (Procedure for novation).

1.             We (the “Existing. Lender”) and [**] (the “New Lender”) agree to the Existing Lender and the New Lender novating all the Existing Lender’s rights and obligations referred to in the Schedule in accordance with sub-clause 24.3.

2.             The specified date for the purposes of sub-clause 24.3(c) is [***]

3.             The address for service of the New Lender is set out in the Schedule.

4.             This Novation Certificate is governed by Jamaican Law.

Schedule

Rights and obligations to be novated

[set out here]

[TABLE] (1) | NFE NORTH HOLDINGS LIMITED, a company incorporated under the laws of Jamaica with its registered with offices situate at and having its registered office situated at Montego Bay Freeport, Berth #1 at the Port of Montego Bay. Montego Bay in the Parish of Saint James, Jamaica. (hereinafter called “the Borrower”):

[TABLE] (2) | NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANK JAMAICA LIMITED a bank duly incorporated under the Banking Act and having its registered office situate at “The Atrium”, 32 Trafalgar Road, Kingston 10 in the parish of Saint Andrew, Jamaica as arranger (herein “the Arranger”);

[TABLE] (3) | The lending institutions listed in Schedule I (herein “the Lenders”, each a “Lender”); and

[TABLE] (4) | JCSD TRUSTEE SERVICES LIMITED, a company incorporated under the laws of Jamaica and having its registered office at 40 Harbour Street, in the city and Parish of Kingston, Jamaica, W.I. (herein “the Agent”)

[TABLE] A. | The Borrower has requested and the Lenders have agreed to make available to the Borrower a term loan of up to an aggregate principal amount of Forty-Four Million United States Dollars (US$44,000,000.00) upon the terms and subject to the conditions hereinafter set forth.

[TABLE] B. | The obligation of the Lenders to make any amount available to the Borrower under this Agreement shall be subject to the conditions precedent and other terms and conditions provided for herein.

[TABLE] C. | It is intended that the security interests under the Security Documents will be held by the Agent, as agent, for the benefit of the Lenders.

[TABLE] (a) | current liabilities and trade credits arising in the normal course of business;

[TABLE] (b) | incremental facilities arranged by the Arranger;

[TABLE] (c) | incremental debt on a fully subordinated basis to the Facility subject to there being no compromise of present or future financial and other covenants;

[TABLE] (d) | leases of property in the normal course of business of the Borrower;

[TABLE] (e) | guarantee obligations or indebtedness under or in respect of surety, performance bid or appeal bonds or performance or completion guarantees up to a maximum amount of US$1,000,000 in any one instance and up to US$3.000.000 in aggregate on an annual basis:

[TABLE] (f) | obligations in respect of letters of credit, bank guarantees, bankers’ acceptances or similar instruments up to a maximum amount of US$1,000,000 in any one instance and up to US$3,000,000 in aggregate on an annual basis:

[TABLE] (g) | cash management obligations, netting services, overdraft protection and similar services up to maximum amount(s) from time to time permitted by National Commercial Bank Jamaica Limited, the Borrower’s banker;

[TABLE] (h) | Financing of insurance premiums:

[TABLE] (i) | Qualified Shareholder Debt;

[TABLE] (j) | Financial indebtedness otherwise permitted under Clause 15.2 (j);

[TABLE] (k) | Financial indebtedness arising under the Transaction Documents; or

[TABLE] (1) | Financial Indebtedness under any finance or capital leases of vehicles, plant, equipment or computers provided that the aggregate capital value of all such items so leased under outstanding leases by the Borrower does not exceed US$250,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).

[TABLE] (a) | any performance or similar bond, guaranteeing performance by the Borrower under any contract entered into in the ordinary course of such trade, such guarantee should not exceed US$500,000 (or its equivalent) in aggregate in each financial year of the Borrower; or

[TABLE] (b) | any guarantee or indemnity issued pursuant to the Transaction Documents or in the ordinary course of business.

[TABLE] (a) | Security Interest for taxes, assessments and governmental charges or levies either (i) not yet due and payable or (ii) being contested in good faith;

[TABLE] (b) | any deposits or pledges to secure bids, tenders, contracts, leases, performance bonds or other statutory obligations or other obligations of like nature (other than, in each case, obligations that constitute Financial indebtedness arising in the ordinary course of business;

[TABLE] (c) | any surety or appeal bonds or other obligations of like nature arising in the ordinary course of business:

[TABLE] (d) | warehousemen’s, materialmen’s, repairers’, mechanics’. carriers’. suppliers’ and similar liens arising by operation of law, payment of which is not overdue by more than sixty (60) days or that are being contested in good faith;

[TABLE] (e) | liens arising out of conditional sale, title retention or similar arrangements covering goods purchased by the Borrower that secure the purchase price thereof;

[TABLE] (0 | casements, rights of way and other encumbrances appearing on title to real property or which are obvious or apparent;

[TABLE] (g) | Security Interests existing as of the date hereof and disclosed in writing to the Agent by the Borrower;

[TABLE] (h) | Security Interests upon property created at the time of the purchase thereof solely as security for the payment of the purchase price thereof;

[TABLE] (i) | customers’ security deposits;

[TABLE] (j) | Security Interests arising under retention of title arrangement entered into in the ordinary course of business;

[TABLE] (k) | Security Interests over goods or documents of title to goods arising in the ordinary course of documentary credit transactions;

[TABLE] (i) | the amount paid up or credited as paid up on the issued share capital of the Borrower; and

[TABLE] (ii) | the amount standing to the credit of the capital and revenue reserves of the Borrower; based on the relevant Balance Sheet of the Borrower but adjusted by:

[TABLE] (D) | deducting any amount attributable to a revaluation of assets after the date of the latest Balance Sheet before the date hereof;

[TABLE] (a) | In this Agreement, unless the contrary intention appears. a reference to:

[TABLE] (i) | an “authorization” includes an, authorization, consent, approval, resolution, licence, exemption, filing and registration;

[TABLE] (ii) | a provision of law is a reference to that provision as amended or re-enacted;

[TABLE] (iii) | a clause or Schedule or Appendix is a reference to a clause or Schedule or Appendix to this Agreement;

[TABLE] (iv) | a person includes its successors and assigns;

[TABLE] (v) | a Loan Document or another document is a reference to that Loan Document or other document as amended, novated or supplemented; and

[TABLE] (vi) | a time of day is a reference to Jamaican time.

[TABLE] (b) | The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only and are to be ignored in construing this Agreement.

[TABLE] (c) | References to a document being in “the agreed form” means in the form of a draft agreed between the Arranger (on behalf of the Lenders) and the Borrower and signed for the purpose of identification by them or by their respective attorneys on their behalf.

[TABLE] (d) | In this Agreement, words imposing the singular shall include the plural and vice versa and reference to one gender includes all other genders.

[TABLE] (e) | “US$” and “United States Dollars” mean lawful currency from time to time of the United States of America.

[TABLE] (f) | “JA$” and “Jamaican Dollars” mean lawful currency from time to time of
Jamaica.

[TABLE] (g) | In this Agreement the term “senior” used with reference to indebtedness arising under this Agreement or any other indebtedness of the Borrower means that such indebtedness —

[TABLE] (a) | on both the date of the request for a Loan and the date for the advance of the amount:

[TABLE] (i) | the representations and warranties in sub-clause 14.1 (Representations and Warranties) to be repeated on those dates are correct and will be correct immediately after the Loan is made;

[TABLE] (ii) | no Event of Default or Potential Event of Default is continuing or would result from the making of the Loan;

[TABLE] (b) | the Agent has received all other documents, opinions, certificates, consents assurances as it may reasonably request in connection with the Loan; and

[TABLE] (c) | the Borrower shall have paid to the Agent (or issued written instructions to the Agent for payment by way of deduction from the proceeds of the Loans) (i) the amounts stated in the Fee Letter to be payable by it; (ii) such of the legal fees and out-of-pocket expenses of the Lenders’ attorneys-at-law which are payable by the Borrower and which have been invoiced and (iii) all commitment, participation and/or agency fees and expenses (if any) due and payable by the Borrower to any of the Lenders or the Agent;

[TABLE] (d) | no event or circumstance has occurred and is continuing that, in the reasonable opinion of the Majority Lenders, would have a Material Adverse Effect;

[TABLE] (e) | there has been no material adverse circumstance, change or condition in or affecting:

[TABLE] (i) | the financial, economic, political or other condition of Jamaica or Caribbean region (or in the financial markets of any such countries or region) or in the international or regional markets for loans and debt securities for issuers from such countries or region; and

[TABLE] (ii) | the loan syndication, financial or capital markets generally that, in the sole judgment of the Arranger, could reasonably be expected to materially impair the syndication of the Facility

[TABLE] (f) | there shall be no Requirement of Law that would reasonably be expected:

[TABLE] (i) | to render the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by any of the Loan Documents by any of the parties thereto illegal; or

[TABLE] (ii) | to restrain, prevent or impose materially adverse conditions on such transactions,

[TABLE] (g) | the Lenders shall have completed a due diligence investigation (including all legal, regulatory and financial reviews) of the Borrower in scope, and with results, satisfactory to the Lenders, and nothing shall have come to the attention of the Lenders during the course of such due diligence investigation to lead them to reasonably believe that any information, exhibit or report furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower to the Agent or any Lender in connection with the negotiation of the Loan Documents or delivered pursuant to the terms of the Loan Documents was or has become misleading, incorrect or incomplete in any material respect prior to the Date of Disbursement;

[TABLE] (h) | each of the Loan Documents shall have been duly executed, stamped and delivered by each of the parties thereto and shall be in full force and effect:

[TABLE] (i) | all governmental and third-party consents, approvals, authorizations, rights, licenses, permits, registrations, and any other regulatory approvals required in connection with the execution of the proposed loan facility and required to perform the activities and programs Borrower is currently conducting in connection with the project as at the date hereof, shall have been obtained (without the imposition of any conditions that are not acceptable to the Lenders) and shall remain in effect and all applicable waiting periods shall have expired without any action being taken by any competent authority; (j) there shall exist no action, suit, investigation, litigation or proceeding pending or threatened in court or before any arbitrator or governmental instrumentality of which the Borrower is aware that:

[TABLE] (i) | would reasonably likely have a Material Adverse Effect; or

[TABLE] (ii) | affects adversely or purports to adversely affect any of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents;

[TABLE] (j) | as applicable, the Borrower shall have delivered to the Agent a Note compliant with clause 10A payable to each of the Lenders in respect of such Lender’s portion of each of the Loans to be disbursed;

[TABLE] (k) | the Borrower shall have established the Debt Service Reserve Account;

[TABLE] (1) | the Borrower shall have completed FATCA Certification forms, as applicable.

[TABLE] (a) | the date for the borrowing of the Loan or the advance in respect of a Loan is a Business Day;

[TABLE] (b) | the principal amount of the Loan or the advance in respect of a Loan is not more than the total of Commitments undrawn;

[TABLE] (c) | the payment instructions comply with clause 10 (Other Payment Provisions); and

[TABLE] (d) | the request is made following the Closing Date but no later than the Term Date.

[TABLE] (a) | If applicable, the respective Lender(s) shall on the relevant date for borrowing specified in the Request for Disbursement make or cause to be. made through its Lending Office an advance in United States Dollars to the Borrower;

[TABLE] (b) | Subject to paragraph (a) above, each of the Lenders shall either on the relevant date for borrowing specified in the Request for Disbursement (“the Requested Disbursement Date”) pay the amount of its participation in the Loans into an account of the Borrower with such Lender or make such participation available to the Agent not later than the Business Day immediately preceding the Requested Disbursement Date.

[TABLE] a) | in seventy-seven (77) payments of US$452.307.69 in consecutive monthly installments beginning on the next Payment Date immediately following the end of the Moratorium Period; and

[TABLE] b) | a balloon payment of the US$9,172,307,87 (or where the provisions in Clauses 6 (c) and 7.1apply, the outstanding principal) on the Maturity Date;

[TABLE] c) | in the event that the Loan is not fully drawn, in consecutive monthly installments (in lieu of the payments indicated in Clause 6 (a) above) each equal to (A) US$452,307.69 multiplied by (B) (i) the aggregate drawn and outstanding principal amount under the Facility as at the Term Date divided by (ii) US$44,000,000.00.

[TABLE] (i) | declare the Commitments of the Lenders to be immediately cancelled; and

[TABLE] (ii) | require the Borrower to prepay to each Lender a sum equivalent to 100% of the outstanding principal amount of the Loan made by the Lender and accrued and unpaid interest thereon to date of payment within thirty (30) days of service of the notice on the Borrower,

[TABLE] (a) | All prepayments shall be made together with accrued interest thereon up to the date of prepayment.

[TABLE] (b) | The Borrower shall not be entitled to prepay the Loans or any part thereof otherwise than in accordance with this clause.

[TABLE] 8.1 | (a) | Interest Rate: The Borrower shall pay to the Agent for the account of each Lender in respect of the Facility, interest on each Advance made by such Lender at the Agreed Rate for each Interest Period.

[TABLE] (b) | Interest Period: The first Interest Period shall commence on the date of disbursement of the respective Loan and shall end on the day immediately before the next succeeding Interest Payment Date, and each subsequent Interest Period shall commence on an Interest Payment Date and shall end on the date immediately before the next Interest Payment Date.

[TABLE] (a) | Each payment received by the Agent under this Agreement for another Party shall, subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, be made available by the Agent to that Party by prompt payment to such account of such Party as it may notify to the Agent for such purpose.

[TABLE] (b) | All payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower and received by the Agent, whether before or after the exercise of any rights arising under clause 16.2, shall be paid to each Lender in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and/or any relevant Promissory Note. Payment by the Agent shall be made promptly following receipt and, in any event, the Agent shall use its reasonable efforts to pay to each Lender at the applicable Lender’s Lending Office the applicable amount on the same Business Day as the amount is received by the Agent.

[TABLE] (c) | Where a sum is to be paid to the Agent under this Agreement for another Party, the Agent is not obliged to pay that sum to that Party until it has established that it has actually received cleared funds. The Agent may, however, assume that the sum has been paid to it in accordance with this Agreement, and, in reliance on that assumption, make available to that Party a corresponding amount. If the sum has not been made available but the Agent has paid a corresponding amount to another Party, that Party shall forthwith on demand by the Agent refund the corresponding amount together with interest on that amount from the date of payment to the date of receipt, calculated at a rate determined by the Agent to reflect its cost of funds.

[TABLE] (a) | Amounts payable in respect of costs, expenses, Taxes and the like are payable in the currency in which they are incurred.

[TABLE] (b) | Principal and interest and any other amount payable under this Agreement are, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, payable in United States dollars.

[TABLE] (a) | If a payment under this Agreement is due on a day which is not a Business Day, the due date for that payment shall instead be the next Business Day in the same calendar month (if there is one) or the preceding Business Day (if there is not).

[TABLE] (b) | During any extension of the due date for payment of any principal under this Agreement, interest is payable on that principal at the rate payable on the original due date.

[TABLE] (a) | If the Agent receives a payment insufficient to discharge all the amounts then due and payable by the Borrower under this Agreement, the Agent shall apply that payment towards the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement in the following order:

[TABLE] (i) | first, in or towards payment of any unpaid costs and expenses of the Agent under this Agreement;

[TABLE] (ii) | secondly, in or towards payment pro rata of any accrued interest due but unpaid under this Agreement;

[TABLE] (iii) | thirdly, in or towards payment pro rata of any principal due but unpaid under this Agreement; and

[TABLE] (iv) | fourthly, in or towards payment pro rata of any other sum due but unpaid under this Agreement.

[TABLE] (b) | The Agent shall, if so directed by all the Lenders, vary the order set out in sub-paragraphs (a) (ii) to (iv) above.

[TABLE] (c) | Paragraphs (a) and (b) above shall override any appropriation made by the Borrower.

[TABLE] 10A.1 | The obligation to repay the Loans and all moneys becoming due and payable by the Borrower to each of the Lenders in connection therewith shall be evidenced by promissory notes (Notes) duly executed and delivered by the Borrower which shall be substantially in the form set out at Appendix 1.

[TABLE] 10A.2 | A Note in respect of each Lender’s participation in an advance of Loans to be disbursed through the agency of the Agent shall be executed and delivered to the Agent as agent of the Lender as and when such disbursement is made.

[TABLE] 10A.3 | Intentionally Omitted,

[TABLE] 10A.4 | In the event that any Note shall at any time become mutilated or be destroyed or lost then (i) in the case of loss or destruction, upon receipt by the Borrower of indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it or (ii) in the case of mutilation, upon surrender to the Borrower of the mutilated Note a new Note of like tenor and amount shall on demand be executed and delivered by the Borrower to the Lender and the old Note shall be deemed to be of no effect and the Agent shall so confirm in writing to the Borrower. All terms and conditions herein previously applicable to the old Note shall apply mutatis mutandis to any replacement thereof.

[TABLE] 12.1 | (a) | Subject to clause 12.2 (Exceptions), the Borrower shalt forthwith on written demand by a Finance Party pay to that Finance Party the amount of any increased cost incurred by it as a result of any change in law or regulation (including any law or regulation relating to taxation, or reserve asset, special deposit, cash ratio, liquidity or capital adequacy requirements or any other form of banking or monetary control) such written demand to state the change in law or regulation giving rise to the increased cost.

[TABLE] (b) | In this Agreement “increased cost” means:

[TABLE] (i) | an additional cost incurred by a Finance Party as a result of it having entered into, or performing, maintaining or funding its obligations under, this Agreement; or

[TABLE] (ii) | that portion of an additional cost incurred by a Finance Party in making, funding or maintaining all or any advances comprised in a class of advances formed by or including its participation in the Loans made or to be made under this Agreement as is attributable to it making, funding or maintaining those participations; or

[TABLE] (iii) | a reduction in any amount payable to a Finance Party or the effective return to a Finance Party under this Agreement or on its capital; or

[TABLE] (iv) | the amount of any payment made by a Finance Party, or the amount of any interest or other return foregone by a Finance Party, calculated by reference to any amount received or receivable by that Finance Party from any other Party under this Agreement.

[TABLE] (a) | compensated for under clause 11 (Taxes); or

[TABLE] (b) | attributable to any change in the rate of Tax on the overall net income of a Lender (or the overall net income of a division or branch of a Lender) imposed in the jurisdiction in which its principal office or lending office for the time being is situated.

[TABLE] (a) | that Lender shall notify the Borrower through the Agent accordingly; and

[TABLE] (b) | the Lenders shall use all reasonable efforts to avoid such illegality including without limitation, by transferring the Facility to another financial institution(s) not affected by such law, order, regulation or directive; and

[TABLE] (c) | if the illegality cannot be so avoided, the Borrower shall forthwith prepay without premium or penalty that Lender’s participation in all the Loans together with all other amounts payable by it to that Lender under this Agreement as of the date, certified by the Lender that prepayment is required in order to enable the Lender to comply with the relevant law or, if no date is provided, within 60 days from the date of the notice provided under clause 13(a); and

[TABLE] (d) | the Lender’s un-drawn Commitment shall forthwith be cancelled.

[TABLE] (a) | Status: The Borrower is a limited liability company, duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of Jamaica. The Guarantor is duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation;

[TABLE] (b) | Powers and authority: The Borrower has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary action to authorize the entry into, performance and delivery of, the Loan Documents to which it is or will be a party and the transactions contemplated by those Loan Documents. The Guarantor has the power to enter into and perform, and has taken all necessary action to authorize the entry into, performance and delivery of, the Security Documents to which it is or will be a party and the transactions contemplated by those Security Documents;

[TABLE] (c) | Legal validity: Each Loan Document to which the Borrower is or will be a party is in proper legal form for the enforcement thereof in Jamaica and constitutes, or when executed in accordance with its terms will constitute, the Borrower’s legal, valid and binding obligation enforceable in accordance with its terms. Each Security Document to which the Guarantor is or will be a party is in proper legal form for the enforcement thereof in its jurisdiction of incorporation and constitutes, or when executed in accordance with its terms will constitute, the Guarantor’s legal, valid and binding obligation enforceable in accordance with its terms;

[TABLE] (d) | Title to properties: It and the Guarantor has good marketable title to, or valid and subsisting leasehold interest in, all real and personal properties reflected in its books and records as being owned or leased by it except (i) for minor defects in title that do not interfere with its ability to conduct its business as currently conducted or to utilize such properties for their intended purposes or (ii) as otherwise disclosed in writing by the Borrower to the Agent;

[TABLE] (e) | Non-conflict: The entry into and performance by it and the Guarantor of, and the transactions contemplated by, the Loan Documents do not and will not in any material respect:

[TABLE] (i) | conflict with or violate any law or regulation or judicial or official order, or

[TABLE] (ii) | conflict with or violate its constitutional documents; or

[TABLE] (iii) | cause any limitation on any of its powers whatsoever and however imposed, or on the right or ability of its directors to exercise such powers, to be exceeded; or

[TABLE] (iv) | conflict with or violate any agreement, indenture or other document which is binding upon it or any of its assets.

[TABLE] (f) | No default: No Event of Default or Potential Event of Default has occurred and is continuing un-remedied at the date of this Agreement;

[TABLE] (g) | Security Interest: There exists no Security Interest (other than Permitted Security Interests) over the whole or any part of its or the Guarantor’s present or future real property, personal property. or revenues and no obligation to create any such Security Interests;

[TABLE] (h) | Taxes: It has filed or caused to be filed or has been included in all tax returns required to be filed and has paid all taxes, if any, shown thereon to be due or on any assessments made against it or any of its property, together with applicable interest and penalties and all other taxes, fees or other charges imposed on it or any of its property by any Governmental Authority (other than the amount or validity of which are currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which reserves in conformity with IFRS have been provided on its books) and no tax lien has been filed against it and no claim is being asserted by a Governmental Authority with respect to any such tax, interest, penalty or other charge which default, in any of the foregoing cases set out in this sub-paragraph (h) would be likely to have a Material Adverse Effect;

[TABLE] (i) | Senior Ranking.  Its obligations under this Agreement and the Guarantor’s obligations under each Security Document, as applicable, rank and will rank senior to any Financial Indebtedness of the Borrower except for those mandatorily preferred by law;

[TABLE] (i) | Authorisations: All authorisations required to be obtained by the Borrower in connection with the entry into, performance. validity and enforceability of, and the transactions contemplated by, the Loan Documents have been obtained or effected (as appropriate) and are in full force and effect;

[TABLE] (k) | Accounts: Its unaudited quarterly accounts for the quarter ending March 31, 2016:

[TABLE] (i) | have been prepared in accordance with IFRS; and

[TABLE] (ii) | fairly represent in all material respects the financial condition of the Borrower as at the date to which they were drawn up;

[TABLE] (l) | Non-financial Information: No written information, exhibit or report furnished by or on its behalf to the Arranger or any of the Lenders in connection with the negotiation of the Loan Documents or delivered pursuant to the terms of the Loan Documents as of the date such information, exhibit or report was furnished, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made therein (taken as a whole) not misleading at such time in light of the circumstances under which such information, report financial statement or schedule was provided;

[TABLE] (m) | Environmental Compliance: To the best of the Borrower’s knowledge and information the operations and properties of the Borrower and the Guarantor complies in all material respects with all applicable Environmental Laws and Environmental Permits, all past non-compliance with such Environmental Laws and Environmental Permits has been resolved without ongoing obligations or costs, and no circumstances exist that would reasonably be expected to (a) form the basis of an Environmental Action against the Borrower or the Guarantor or any of its/their properties that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or (b) cause any such property to be subject to any restrictions on ownership, occupancy, use or transferability under any Environmental Law that would be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

[TABLE] (n) | Litigation: Except as disclosed in writing to the Arranger and the Agent on behalf of each Finance Party no litigation, arbitration or administrative or regulatory proceedings or investigation are current or, to the Borrower’s knowledge, pending or threatened, against it or the Guarantor which might, if adversely determined, have a Material Adverse Effect;

[TABLE] (o) | Cross Default: Except as disclosed in writing to the Arranger and the Agent on behalf of each Finance Party neither Borrower nor the Guarantor is (nor would, with the giving of notice or lapse of time or any certificate or the making of any determination or any combination thereof be) and subject to any applicable grace period in breach of, or in default under, any agreement relating to Financial Indebtedness to which it is a party or by which it is bound and which would have a Material Adverse Effect;

[TABLE] (p) | Material Adverse Change: (i) There has not occurred since March 31, 2016,

[TABLE] (A) | any event, development or circumstance that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect under item (a) or (d) of the definition of “Material Adverse Effect”; and

[TABLE] (B) | to the Borrower’s knowledge, any event, development or circumstance that has had or would reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect under item (b) or (c) of the definition of “Material Adverse Effect”;

[TABLE] (q) | Compliance with Laws: To the best of the Borrower’s knowledge and belief it, the Guarantor and each of its Subsidiaries is in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations and all material agreements except as respects failure to comply with any such applicable laws and regulations which do not (whether taken individually or in the aggregate) constitute a Material Adverse Change;

[TABLE] (r) | Solvency: Each of the Borrower and the Guarantor is Solvent and to the best of the Borrower’s knowledge and belief after due enquiry, no proceedings are pending or threatened against it, the Guarantor or any of the Guarantor’s Subsidiaries for the dissolution of it or any of its Subsidiaries aforesaid;

[TABLE] (s) | No Filing or Registration Required: To ensure the legality, validity, enforceability or admissibility in evidence of this Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents (including the Notes) in Jamaica or elsewhere, as applicable, it is not necessary that this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents be filed or recorded or registered with any court or other authority in Jamaica or elsewhere, EXCEPT as advised to the Agent by such opinions of Counsel as the Agent or Borrower shall procure and obtain.

[TABLE] (a) | The representations and warranties set out in sub-clause 14.1 are made (i) on the date of this Agreement and (ii) are deemed to be repeated by the Borrower on the date of each request for a Loan with reference to the facts and circumstances then existing.

[TABLE] (b) | The representations and warranties set out in sub-clause 14.1 above other than in paragraphs (k) and (l) are also deemed to be repeated annually by the Borrower on the first day immediately following the Interest Payment Date closest to the anniversary of the Closing Date with reference to the facts and circumstances then existing.

[TABLE] (c) | The representations and warranties set out in paragraph (k) of sub-clause 14.1 above are also deemed to be repeated on the delivery of the accounts for each financial year end with reference to the facts and circumstances then existing.

[TABLE] (a) | it is not aware of any current event and/or fact presently giving rise to a situation which makes it doubtful that it will be able to discharge its obligations hereunder;

[TABLE] (b) | it is duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation and it has power to own is property and assets, to carry on its business as presently conducted and to enter into and perform this Agreement;

[TABLE] (c) | this Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by it and constitutes legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with its express terms;

[TABLE] (d) | neither the making of this Agreement nor the lending by it of any sum pursuant to this Agreement will conflict with or result in a breach of any of the terms. conditions or provisions of or constitute a default or require any consent under any indenture, agreement or other instrument to which it is a party or by which it is bound or violate any of the terms or provisions of any judgment, decree or order or any statute, rule or regulation applicable to it;

[TABLE] (e) | it is not engaged in any litigation or arbitration proceedings which may material affect its ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement;

[TABLE] (f) | as at the date hereof. the Borrower is not liable to make any deductions (with respect to Taxes) from payments to be made to the Lenders pursuant to the terms hereof.

[TABLE] (a) | Financial information: The Borrower shall supply to the Agent in sufficient copies for all the Lenders and prepared in compliance with IFRS:

[TABLE] (i) | within one hundred and twenty (120) days of the end of each of its and the Guarantor’s financial years, its audited accounts for that financial year;

[TABLE] (ii) | within ninety (90) days of the end of each financial quarter, its and the Guarantor’s un-audited accounts for that financial quarter showing a comparison of the results for the corresponding period of the preceding financial year; and

[TABLE] (iii) | together with the accounts specified in paragraph (i) or, as the case may be, paragraph (ii), above, a certificate signed by its Chief Financial Officer setting out in reasonable detail the computations establishing compliance with the financial covenants set out in sub-clause 15.3;

[TABLE] (iv) | within forty-five (45) days prior to the commencement of each financial year, provide annual financial projections and estimated capital expenditure budget for the next ensuing financial year of the Borrower and the Guarantor.

[TABLE] (b) | Other information: The Borrower shall supply to the Agent:

[TABLE] (i) | as soon as reasonably possible and in any event within five (5) Business Days after the occurrence of an Event of Default, a statement of the chief financial officer of the Borrower setting forth details of such Event of Default and the action that the Borrower or the Guarantor, as applicable, has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto;

[TABLE] (ii) | all official documents dispatched by it to its shareholders in order to receive the formal approval of shareholders in their capacity as such at the same time as they are dispatched;

[TABLE] (iii) | promptly upon a senior officer of the Borrower becoming aware of them, details of any litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings which are current, threatened or pending against the Borrower, and which might, if adversely determined, have a Material Adverse Effect on the financial condition of the Borrower or the Guarantor (considered separately or on a consolidated basis with the Guarantor’s Subsidiaries) or on the ability of the Borrower to perform its obligations under this Agreement or on the ability of the Guarantor to perform its obligations under any Security Document;

[TABLE] (iv) | information with respect to, and copies of, all environmental notices and claims arising under any Environmental Laws;

[TABLE] (v) | promptly, such further information in the possession or control of the Borrower, or the Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries regarding its financial condition and operations as any Finance Party may reasonably request;

[TABLE] (vi) | promptly upon the cancellation or suspension of any commitment for, or underwriting of, any Financial Indebtedness of the Borrower or the Guarantor as a result of an event of default (howsoever described) under the document relating to such Financial Indebtedness notice of such cancellation or suspension and details of the reason thereof; and

[TABLE] (vii) | such information as the Agent may reasonably request on behalf of any given Lender to facilitate the Lender completing appropriate “Know Your Customer” due diligence investigations.

[TABLE] (c) | Compliance certificates: The Borrower shall supply to the Agent:

[TABLE] (i) | together with the accounts specified in paragraph (a) above (Financial information); and

[TABLE] (ii) | promptly at any other time, if the Agent so requests.

[TABLE] (d) | Authorisations: The Borrower shall promptly:

[TABLE] (i) | obtain, maintain and comply with the terms of; and

[TABLE] (ii) | supply certified copies to the Agent of,

[TABLE] (e) | Senior ranking:  The Borrower shall procure that its obligations under the Loan Documents and each Security Issuer’s obligations under each Security Document, as applicable do and will rank senior to all its/their other present and future senior secured and unsecured obligations (except for those mandatorily preferred by law);

[TABLE] (f) | Change of Business: The Borrower shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature or scope of the business of the Borrower or the Guarantor from that carried on at the date of this Agreement/proposed to be carried on by virtue of application of the Loans as contemplated hereby, except changes contemplated by any business plan provided to the Lenders in connection with the loan facilities provided for in this Agreement;

[TABLE] (g) | Compliance with Laws and Regulations: The Borrower shall comply with and procure that the Guarantor and NFE Bermuda comply with all Requirements of Law and Contractual Obligations, except where the failure to comply would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;

[TABLE] (h) | Payment of Obligations, Etc. The Borrower shall pay and discharge, its obligations, including tax liabilities, that if not paid before the same shall become delinquent or in default, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect including (a) all taxes, assessments and governmental charges or levies imposed upon it or upon its property promptly upon the same becoming due and (b) all lawful claims that, if unpaid, would by law result in a Security Interest arising upon its property; provided that the Borrower shall not be required to pay or discharge any such obligation (i) the validity or amount of which is being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings, (ii) as to which appropriate reserves are being maintained and (iii) as to which no enforcement action has been commenced with respect thereto

[TABLE] (i) | Compliance with Environmental Laws The Borrower shall comply with and, so far as it is reasonably able to do so, ensure compliance, by all tenants, sub-tenants, lessees and other persons operating on or occupying its properties, with all applicable Environmental Laws and Environmental Permits and obtain, renew, maintain, comply with and ensure that all tenants, sub-tenants, lessees and other persons operating on or occupying its properties, obtain, renew, maintain and comply with Environmental Permits, except as would not reasonably he expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

[TABLE] (1) | Preservation of Corporate Existence The borrower shall preserve and maintain, and, as far as it is reasonable so to do, cause NFE Bermuda, the Guarantor and the Borrower to preserve and maintain, its existence, legal structure, legal name, rights (charter and statutory), approvals, privileges and franchises in connection with its right to engage in business of the same general type as now conducted by it except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

[TABLE] (k) | Visitation Rights: The Borrower shall at any reasonable time and from time to time and as may be reasonably required (a) provide the lenders such information as they may reasonably request through the Agent; and (b) permit the Agent, any of the Lenders or any of their authorized agents or representatives (i) to examine and make copies of and abstracts from the records and books or account of the Borrower, the Guarantor and NFE Bermuda; (ii) to visit the offices and other facilities and properties of the Borrower, the Guarantor and any of its Subsidiaries upon reasonable notice; and (iii) to discuss the affairs, finances, accounts, and condition of the Borrower, the Guarantor and any of its Subsidiaries with an of their respective officers and executives.

[TABLE] (1) | Maintenance of Properties

[TABLE] (m) | Maintenance of License The Borrower shall preserve and maintain, and use its bests efforts to cause the Guarantor and NFE Bermuda to preserve and maintain, all necessary authorizations, permits and licenses in connection with its right to engage in business of the same general type as now conducted /proposed to be conducted by it, to the extent that failure to do so would be likely to have a Material Adverse Effect;

[TABLE] (n) | Maintenance of Insurance The Borrower shall carry and maintain or cause to be carried and maintained, at its expense, insurance or a self-insurance programme on or in relation to its business and assets with reputable and financially sound insurance companies and underwriters against risks of the kind customarily insured against by companies carrying on similar businesses and in amounts reasonably and commercially prudent for such companies:

[TABLE] (o) | Further Assurances The Borrower shall promptly upon request by the Agent, correct, and cause the Borrower and the Guarantor and any of Guarantor’s Subsidiaries, as far as it is reasonable so to do, promptly to correct any defect or error that may be discovered in the execution, acknowledgement, stamping, filing or recording of any Loan Document:

[TABLE] (p) | Publication by Lenders: The Lenders shall be permitted to publish their involvement in providing the Facility subject to the prior approval of the Borrower, the same not to be unreasonably withheld;

[TABLE] (a) | Negative pledge: The Borrower shall not and shall procure that the Guarantor shall not, create or permit to subsist any Security Interest other than a Permitted Security Interest on any of its present or future assets;

[TABLE] (b) | Transactions similar to security: The Borrower shall not:

[TABLE] (i) | sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its assets on terms whereby it is or may be leased to or re-acquired or acquired by the Borrower or an Affiliate excepting where the assets to be disposed of have a book value or fair market value equivalent to 10% or less of the book value or fair market value of the Borrower’s assets; or

[TABLE] (ii) | sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its receivables on recourse terms, except tor the discounting of bills or noses; in the ordinary course of trading,

[TABLE] (c) | Disposals: The Borrower shall not either in a single transaction or in a series of transactions, whether related or not and whether voluntarily or involuntarily, sell, transfer, grant a lease or otherwise dispose or all or any part of its assets exceeding 10% of Tangible Net Worth (as of the time of disposition) in any transaction or series of transactions. This paragraph shall not apply to:

[TABLE] (i) | disposals made in the ordinary course of business of the disposing entity: or

[TABLE] (ii) | disposals of assets in exchange for other assets comparable or superior as to type, value and quality.

[TABLE] (d) | Maintenance by capital expenditure: Except with the prior written consent of the Majority Lenders, the Borrower shall not expend, towards maintenance and/or business expansion in the normal course of business in any given calendar year (approved by the Directors) any amount in excess of US$750,000, not including incremental capital investments from time to time made and funded by equity or Qualified Shareholder Debt;

[TABLE] (e) | Reduction of Capital: Except with the prior written consent of the Majority Lenders, the Borrower shall not (i) make any distribution in specie or in kind; (ii) redeem or re-purchase any of its shares or take any steps to reduce its share capital:

[TABLE] (f) | Restriction on dividends: Except with the prior written consent of the Majority Lenders, the Borrower shall not while the Borrower is in breach of any of the covenants in clause 15.3 pay (a) any dividends and shall not resume payment of dividends and (b) on any Qualified Shareholder Debt, in each case until the breach of any of such covenants is remedied to the Lender’s satisfaction PROVIDED THAT (i) payment(s) on any such Qualified Shareholder Debt shall be made only to the extent that such payment(s) could have been made had the same been dividends, as permitted by the provisions of this Agreement and not otherwise; and (ii) no dividends shall be paid by the Borrower or (iii) payments made in respect of Qualified Shareholder Debt, in each case if the result of such payment will give rise to a breach of the covenants in clause 15.3; and (iv) no dividends or Qualified Shareholder Payments shall be made during the Moratorium Period referred to in Clause 6;

[TABLE] (g) | Restriction on Lending: Except with the prior written consent of the Majority Lenders the Borrower shall not make or agree to make any loan or grant any other credit facility to any Person other than a Guarantor or the entities controlled by the Borrower except for normal trade credits in the ordinary course of business provided that in the case of this clause, the Borrower is not in breach of the covenants in Clause 15.3);

[TABLE] (h) | Restriction on dealing with Affiliates: Except with the prior written consent of the Majority Lenders, the Borrower shall not directly or indirectly, purchase, acquire or lease any property from, or sell, transfer or lease any property to, or otherwise have any contractual dealings or enter into any transactions with, any Affiliate, except on terms no less favourable to the Borrower or such Subsidiary than would apply in the case of arm’s length contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business;

[TABLE] (i) | Restriction on Guarantees or Indemnity to Affiliates: The Borrower shall not, without the prior written consent of the Majority Lenders, guarantee directly or indirectly or otherwise in any way assume responsibility for the obligations of any Person or provide any indemnity to a third party in respect of the Obligations of any of its Affiliates or enter into any agreement for the furnishing of funds to any other Person through the purchase of goods or services (or by way of stock purchase, capital contribution, advance or loan) for the purpose of paying or discharging the Obligations of any Person;

[TABLE] (j) | Hedge Agreements: The Borrower shall not enter into any Hedge Agreement other than a Hedge Agreement designed to cover an existing interest rate, foreign exchange or other financial exposure or commodity or utility exposure or any such exposure existing at the time of the entry into such Hedge Agreement.

[TABLE] (k) | Indebtedness: Borrower shall not incur additional indebtedness other than Permitted Financial Indebtedness without the prior consent in writing of the Lenders (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld).

[TABLE] a) | Minimum Current Ratio of 1.1;

[TABLE] b) | Minimum Debt Servicing Coverage Ratio of:

[TABLE] c) | Leverage Ratio:

[TABLE] d) | Loan to Value not to exceed 65%

[TABLE] (a) | Non-payment: The Borrower shall fail to pay within five (5) Business Days of the due date at the place and in the currency and funds in which it is expressed to be payable any principal or interest under the Loan Documents or any fee or reimbursable expense payable by it under the Loan Documents in respect of which written notice of the sum due has been given to senior officer(s) of the Borrower; or

[TABLE] (b) | Intentionally omitted; or

[TABLE] (c) | Breach of other obligations: The Borrower or the Guarantor, as applicable, shall fail to comply in any material respect with any provision of any of the Loan Documents (other than those referred to in paragraph (a) above (Non-Payment) and, in the case of a breach capable of being remedied, shall fail to remedy same within forty-five (45) days after the earlier of the date on which senior officer(s) of the Borrower become aware of the breach or the date on which the Agent gives notice to the Borrower of such breach; or

[TABLE] (d) | Misrepresentation: A representation or warranty made or deemed to be made or repeated under or in connection with any Loan Document is incorrect in any material respect when made or deemed to be made or repeated or confirmed and in the case of  matter which can be remedied so as to render the representation or warranty correct same is not remedied within thirty (30) days; or

[TABLE] (e) | Cross-default

[TABLE] (i) | any other Financial Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Subsidiary exceeding US$1,000,000.00 or its equivalent in any other currency whether individually or in the aggregate with other unpaid Financial Indebtedness is not paid when due and such failure shall have continued after the expiration of any applicable grace period specified in the relevant loan or other governing document; or

[TABLE] (ii) | an event of default howsoever described has occurred and is continuing under any other document relating to Financial Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Subsidiary where such Financial Indebtedness exceeds in the aggregate US$1,000,000.00 or its equivalent in any other currency; or

[TABLE] (iii) | any Financial Indebtedness of the Borrower exceeding US$1,000,000.00 (or its equivalent in any other currency) whether individually or in the aggregate with other unpaid Financial Indebtedness becomes prematurely due and payable or becomes payable on demand as a result of an event of default (howsoever described) under the document relating to that Financial Indebtedness; or

[TABLE] (iv) | any Security Interest securing Financial Indebtedness in excess of US$1,000,000.00 or its equivalent in any other currency over any asset of the Borrower or any Subsidiary becomes enforceable; or

[TABLE] (f) | Insolvency

[TABLE] (i) | The Borrower or the Guarantor is deemed for the purposes of any law to be unable to pay its debts as they fall due or to be insolvent, or admits its inability to pay its debts as they fall due; or

[TABLE] (ii) | The Borrower or the Guarantor suspends making payments on all or any class of its debts or announces an intention to do so, or a moratorium is declared in respect of any of its indebtedness; or

[TABLE] (iii) | The Borrower or the Guarantor by reason of financial difficulties begins negotiations with one or more of its creditors with a view to the restructuring or rescheduling of any of its indebtedness; or

[TABLE] (g) | Insolvency proceedings

[TABLE] (i) | any step (including petition, proposal or convening a meeting) is taken by the Borrower or the Guarantor with a view to a composition, assignment or arrangement with any creditors of the Borrower or the Guarantor; or

[TABLE] (ii) | any order is made or resolution of the Borrower passed for, or any step (including petition, proposal or convening a meeting) is taken by the Borrower or the Guarantor or with respect to the Borrower or the Guarantor by any court of competent jurisdiction with a view to, the rehabilitation, administration, custodianship, liquidation, winding-up or dissolution of the Borrower or the Guarantor (except for the purposes of a solvent amalgamation or reconstruction on terms and conditions previously approved by the Majority Lenders and in the ease of any such order made on the application of a third party against the Borrower or the Guarantor, such order is not discharged within 14 days); or

[TABLE] (h) | Appointment of receivers and managers

[TABLE] (i) | any liquidator, trustee in bankruptcy, judicial custodian, compulsory manager, receiver, administrative receiver, administrator or the like is appointed in respect of the Borrower or the Guarantor or any substantial part of its/their assets; or

[TABLE] (ii) | the directors of the Borrower or the Guarantor requests the appointment of a liquidator, trustee in bankruptcy, judicial custodian, compulsory manager, receiver, administrative receiver, administrator or the like; or

[TABLE] (i) | Creditors’ process: Any attachment, sequestration, distress or execution to recover a judgment debt exceeding US$1,000,000.00 (or its equivalent in any other currency) is made or levied against any asset of the Borrower or the Guarantor and is not discharged or lifted within thirty (30) days; or

[TABLE] (j) | Analogous proceedings: There occurs, in relation to the Borrower or the Guarantor any event anywhere which, in the reasonable opinion of the Majority Lenders, appears to correspond with any of those mentioned in paragraphs (f) to (i) (inclusive); or

[TABLE] (k) | Intra-Group Default: Any of the events set out in paragraphs (f) to (j) inclusive and paragraph (n) shall occur with respect to the Borrower or the Guarantor; or

[TABLE] (1) | Cessation of business: The Borrower or the Guarantor ceases, or threatens to cease, to carry on all or any substantial part of its/their business except as a result of any disposal permitted under sub-clause 15.2(c); or

[TABLE] (m) | Failure to satisfy money judgment: Any judgment(s) or order, either individually or in the aggregate, for the payment of money in excess of US$1,000,000.00 (or its equivalent in any other currency) shall be rendered against the Borrower and, in any such case, either (i) enforcement proceedings shall have been commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or order or (ii) there shall be any period of thirty (30) days during which such judgment or order remains unsatisfied or undischarged or during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment or order, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, shall not be in effect or any application for such has not been filed in good faith; or

[TABLE] (n) | Non-monetary judgments: Any non-monetary judgment or order shall be rendered against the Borrower or the Guarantor, and there shall be any period of thirty (30) days during which such judgment or order remains unsatisfied or undischarged or during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment or order, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, shall not be in effect or any application for such has not been filed in good faith, and such circumstances would reasonably be likely to have a Material Adverse Effect; or

[TABLE] (o) | Operating Licenses: Any operating license(s) for the benefit of the Borrower or the Guarantor shall be impaired, revoked, suspended, modified in a materially adverse manner, or terminated by any Person or any Governmental Authority commences to the knowledge of the Borrower any proceedings for the revocation, suspension, modification or termination of any operating license(s) of the Borrower or the Guarantor and the effect of any of the foregoing would reasonably be likely to have a Material Adverse Effect; or

[TABLE] (p) | Loan Documents: Any Loan Document or any material provision thereof, shall cease to be in full force and effect for any reason, except for expiration, termination or maturity in accordance with its terms, or the Borrower or the Guarantor shall contest or purport to repudiate or disavow any of its obligations under or the validity or enforceability of any Loan Document or any material provision thereof; or

[TABLE] (q) | Failure to rank senior. The Financial Indebtedness of the Borrower under the Loan Documents or the Financial Indebtedness of any Security Issuer under the respective Security Document, as applicable shall fail to rank senior to all other unconditional, secured or unsubordinated Financial Indebtedness of the Borrower or Security Issuer, as applicable, permitted to be incurred hereunder or under any Security Document, as applicable (save for indebtedness mandatorily preferred by law); or

[TABLE] (r) | Expropriation etc. Any Governmental Authority shall have taken, authorized or ratified any action or series of actions for the appropriation, requisition, condemnation, confiscation, expropriation or nationalization of all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower or the Guarantor; or any Governmental Authority shall have declared a banking moratorium or any suspension of payments by banks in any relevant jurisdiction or shall have imposed any moratorium on the required rescheduling of or required approval for the payment of any Financial Indebtedness in such jurisdiction and the effect of any of the foregoing would be likely to have a Material Adverse Effect; or

[TABLE] (s) | Unlawfulness: It is or becomes unlawful or contrary to any legally enforceable guideline or directive issued by any Governmental Authority for the Borrower or the Guarantor to perform any of its obligations under any of the Loan Documents; or

[TABLE] (t) | Material adverse change: Any event or series of events occurs which, in the opinion of any Lender, has or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; or

[TABLE] (u) | Change or Control: A Change of Control shall occur in relation to the Borrower or the Guarantor.

[TABLE] (v) | Maintenance of LNG Supplier Agreement: The failure to maintain one or more LNG Supplier Agreements relating to the Project.

[TABLE] (w) | Termination of the Gas Supply Agreement: The termination of the Gas Supply Agreement between NFE Bermuda and Jamaica Public Service Company Limited without replacement thereof;

[TABLE] (a) | the Agent shall, if so directed by the Lenders by notice to the Borrower, cancel the total of Commitments under the Facility; and/or

[TABLE] (b) | the Agent shall, if so directed by the Lenders in respect of the Facility (i) demand that all or part of the Loans, together with accrued interest and all other amounts accrued under this Agreement and any other Loan Document be immediately due and payable, whereupon they shall become immediately due and payable; and/or (ii) demand that all or part of the Loans be payable on demand, whereupon they shall immediately become payable on demand.

[TABLE] (a) | the execution, genuineness, validity, enforceability or sufficiency of any Loan Document or any other document;

[TABLE] (b) | the collectability of amounts payable under any Loan Document; or

[TABLE] (c) | the accuracy of any statements (whether written or oral) made in or in connection with any Loan Document.

[TABLE] (a) | The Agent is not obliged to monitor or enquire as to whether or not an Event of Default has occurred. The Agent will not be deemed to have knowledge of the occurrence of an Event of Default. However, if the Agent receives notice from a Finance Party referring to this Agreement, describing the Event of Default and stating that the event is an Event of Default it shall promptly notify the Lenders.

[TABLE] (b) | The Agent may require the receipt of security satisfactory to it, whether by way of payment in advance or otherwise, against any liability or loss which it may incur in taking any proceedings or action arising out of or in connection with any Loan Document before it commences those proceedings or takes that action.

[TABLE] (c) | If the Agent or any Lender shall acquire actual knowledge of the occurrence of any Event of Default which is continuing at the time it acquires such actual knowledge, the Agent or such Lender shall give notice to the other Lenders of such Event of Default. For the purpose of this sub-paragraph, neither the Agent nor any Lender shall be treated as having actual knowledge of any matter unless the same is made known to senior administrative representatives of the Agent or the Lender in the context of their usual activities from time to time undertaken by the Agent or such Lender.

[TABLE] (a) | Without limiting paragraph (b) below, the Agent will not be liable to any other Finance Party for any action taken or not taken by it under or in connection with any Loan Document unless directly caused by its gross negligence or willful misconduct.

[TABLE] (b) | No Finance Party may take any proceedings against any officer, employee or agent of the Agent in respect of any claim it might have against the Agent or in respect of any act or omission of any kind (including gross negligence or willful misconduct) by that officer, employee or agent in relation to any Loan Document.

[TABLE] (a) | rely on any notice or document believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed by, or with the authority of, the proper person;

[TABLE] (b) | rely on any statement made by a director or employee of any Person regarding any matters which may reasonably be assumed to be within his knowledge or within his power to verify; and

[TABLE] (c) | engage, pay for and rely on legal or other professional advisers selected by it (including those in the Agent’s employment and those representing a Finance Party other than the Agent).

[TABLE] (a) | has made its own independent investigation and assessment of the financial condition and affairs of the Borrower and its related entities in connection with its participation in this Agreement and has not relied exclusively on any information provided to it by the Agent or the Arranger in connection with any Loan Document; and

[TABLE] (b) | will continue to make its own independent appraisal of the creditworthiness of the Borrower and its related entities while any amount is or may be outstanding under the Loan Documents or any Commitment is in force.

[TABLE] (a) | The Agent shall promptly forward to the person concerned the original or a copy of any document which is delivered to the Agent by a party hereto for that person.

[TABLE] (b) | The Agent shall promptly supply a Lender with a copy of each document received by the Agent under clause 4 (Conditions Precedent) upon the request and at the expense of that Lender.

[TABLE] (c) | The Agent shall promptly supply each Lender with a copy of any notice or other document received from the Borrower or any other person on behalf of the Borrower pertaining to this. Agreement or the Borrower which would be of interest to a prudent lender.

[TABLE] (d) | Except where this Agreement specifically provides otherwise, the Agent is not obliged to review or check the accuracy or completeness of any document it forwards to another Finance Party.

[TABLE] (e) | Except as provided above, the Agent has no duty

[TABLE] (i) | either initially or on a continuing basis to provide any Lender with any credit or other information concerning the financial condition or affairs of the Borrower or any related entity of the Borrower whether coming into its possession before, on or after the date of this Agreement; or

[TABLE] (ii) | unless specifically requested to do so by a Lender in accordance with this Agreement, to request any certificates or other documents from the
Borrower.

[TABLE] (a) | If it is also a Lender, the Arranger has the same rights and powers under this Agreement as any other Lender and may exercise those rights and powers as though it were not the Arranger.

[TABLE] (b) | Each of the Agent and Arranger may:

[TABLE] (i) | carry on any business with the Borrower or their related entities;

[TABLE] (ii) | act as agent or trustee for, or in relation to any other financing involving, the Borrower or its related entities; and

[TABLE] (iii) | retain any profits or remuneration in connection with its activities under this Agreement or in relation to any of the foregoing.

[TABLE] (a) | Without limiting the liability of the Borrower under the Loan Documents each Lender shall forthwith indemnify the Agent for its proportion of any liability or loss incurred by the Agent in any way relating to or arising out of its acting as the Agent, except to the extent that the liability or loss arises directly from the Agent’s gross negligence or willful misconduct.

[TABLE] (b) | A Lender’s proportion of the liability set out in paragraph (a) above will be the proportion which its participation in the Loans (if any) bears to all the Loans on the date of the demand. If, however, there are no Loans outstanding on the date of demand, then the proportion will be the proportion which its Commitment bears to the Total Commitments at the date of demand or, if the Total Commitments have then been cancelled, bears to the Total Commitments immediately before such cancellation.

[TABLE] (c) | The Borrower shall forthwith on demand reimburse each Lender for any payment made by it under paragraph (a) above.

[TABLE] (d) | The provisions contained in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above shall survive repayment of all Loans hereunder and/or with respect to any retiring Agent, such retirement.

[TABLE] (a) | The Agent may refrain from doing anything which might, in its opinion, constitute a breach of any law or regulation or be otherwise actionable at the suit of any person, and may do anything which, in its opinion, is necessary or desirable to comply with any law or regulation of any jurisdiction.

[TABLE] (b) | Without limiting paragraph (a) above, the Agent need not disclose any information relating to the Borrower or any of its related entities if the disclosure might, in the opinion of the Agent, constitute a breach of any law or regulation or any duty of secrecy or confidentiality or be otherwise actionable at the suit of any person.

[TABLE] (a) | Notwithstanding its appointment hereunder, the Agent may resign and appoint a reputable corporate trustee as a successor by giving thirty (30) days notice to the
other Finance Parties and the Borrower.

[TABLE] (b) | Alternatively, the Agent may resign by giving notice to the other Finance Parties and the Borrower in which case the Majority Lenders (after consultation with the Borrower) may appoint a successor Agent

[TABLE] (c) | If the appointment of a successor Agent is to be made by the Majority Lenders but they have not, within thirty (30) days after notice of resignation, appointed a successor Agent which Accepts the appointment, the Agent may appoint a successor Agent.

[TABLE] (d) | The resignation of the Agent and the appointment of any successor Agent will both become effective only upon the successor Agent notifying all the Parties that it accepts its appointment. On giving the notification, the successor Agent will succeed to the position of the Agent and the term “Agent” will mean the successor Agent.

[TABLE] (e) | The retiring Agent shall, at its own cost, make available to the successor Agent such documents and records and provide such assistance as the successor Agent may reasonably request for the purposes of performing its functions as the Agent under this Agreement.

[TABLE] (f) | Upon its resignation becoming effective, this clause 17 (The Agent and the Arranger) shall continue to benefit the retiring Agent in respect of any action taken or not taken by it under or in connection with the Loan Documents while it was the Agent, and, subject to paragraph (d) above and Clause 25, it shall have no further obligations under any Loan Document.

[TABLE] (g) | After consultation with the Borrower, the Majority Lenders may by thirty (30) days’ notice in writing to the Agent (and at the cost of the Lenders) terminate its appointment and appoint a successor Agent.

[TABLE] (a) | a commitment fee or participation fee in the amount set out in the Fee Letter which shall be payable on the Closing Date and which shall be non-refundable;

[TABLE] (b) | an amendment fee (as provided for in the Fee Letter) the same payable in the event that any material amendments are requested by the Borrower, in relation to the Term Loan;

[TABLE] (c) | if applicable, an extension fee, in the event that the maturity date of any Loan is extended beyond the Maturity Date stated herein, in which event the “Maturity Date” (as defined herein) shall mean such later maturity date as may be agreed in writing by the parties.

[TABLE] (a) | the negotiation, preparation, printing and execution of:

[TABLE] (b) | this Agreement and any other documents referred to in this Agreement, and

[TABLE] (c) | any other Loan Document executed after the date or this Agreement;

[TABLE] (d) | any amendment, waiver, consent or suspension of rights (or any proposal for any of the foregoing) requested by or on behalf of the Borrower and relating to a Loan Document or a document referred to in any Loan Document; and

[TABLE] (e) | any other matter, not of an ordinary administrative nature, arising out of or in connection with a Loan Document;

[TABLE] (a) | the occurrence of any Event of Default including, without limitation, breach of any covenant relating to Environmental Law or Environmental Permit resulting in any claim or proceedings against any Finance Party;

[TABLE] (b) | the operation of clause 27 (Pro rata sharing), other than by reason of error, negligence or default by such Finance Party;

[TABLE] (c) | any payment of principal or an overdue amount received from any source otherwise than on the relevant due date as provided for in this Agreement; or

[TABLE] (d) | (other than by reason of negligence or default by a Finance Party) a Loan not being made after the Borrower has delivered a request for the Loan, or a Loan (or part of a Loan) not being prepaid in accordance with a notice of prepayment.

[TABLE] (a) | Subject to sub-clause 23.2 (Exceptions), any term of any of the Loan Documents may be amended or waived with the agreement of the Borrower, the Majority Lenders and the Agent. Any such agreement shall be in writing and shall be signed by the Majority Lenders the Agent and the Borrower.

[TABLE] (b) | Any such amendment or waiver shall be binding on all the parties.

[TABLE] (a) | amending the definition of “Majority Lenders” in clause 1.1:

[TABLE] (b) | subjecting a Finance Party to any additional Obligations:

[TABLE] (c) | reducing the principal or interest payable under this Agreement or any of the Notes or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or thereunder;

[TABLE] (d) | postponing any date fixed for any payment of principal or interest under this Agreement or any of the Notes or any fees or other amounts payable
hereunder or thereunder;

[TABLE] (e) | changing the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Loans, or the nominal amount of Loans that shall be required for the Lenders or any of them to take any action hereunder,

[TABLE] (f) | amending or waiving sub-clause 8.1 (Interest Rate);

[TABLE] (g) | amending any other term of a Loan Document which expressly requires the consent of each Lender;

[TABLE] (h) | amending or waiving clause 10A (Promissory Notes);

[TABLE] (i) | amending or waiving clause 11.1 (Gross up of Taxes);

[TABLE] (j) | amending or waiving clause 15.1 (a) (Financial Information) or 15.3 (Financial Covenants);

[TABLE] (k) | amending or waiving clause 16 (Events of Default and Acceleration);

[TABLE] (1) | amending this clause 23 (Amendments and Waivers);

[TABLE] (a) | may be exercised as often as necessary:

[TABLE] (b) | are cumulative and not exclusive of its rights under the general law;

[TABLE] (c) | may be waived only in writing and specifically.

[TABLE] (a) | Subject to the terms of this clause 24, a Lender (the “Existing Lender”) may at any time assign, transfer, novate, participate or sub-contract any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement to another bank or other institution (the “New Lender”) provided that unless an went of Default has occurred and is continuing in excess of any applicable cure period in each such case the Existing Lender must receive the Borrower’s prior written consent after disclosing to the Borrower in writing whether such New Lender will result in the Borrower being required to withhold taxes pursuant to Clause 11.1 (unless such disclosure is received the New Lender being deemed to have represented that no such withholding is required), such consent not to be unreasonably delayed, conditioned or denied but in any other event upon giving to the Borrower three (3) Business Days notice prior to such assignment, transfer, novation, participation or sub-contracting, further provided that the Borrower’s written consent shall not be required where the assignment, transfer, novation, participation or sub-contracting shall be to an Affiliate of such Lender (unless with respect to such New Lender, the Borrower will be required to withhold taxes pursuant to Clause 11.1, in which event. such consent shall be required).

[TABLE] (b) | A transfer of obligations will be effective only if either

[TABLE] (i) | the obligations are novated in accordance with sub-clause 243 (Procedure for Novations); or

[TABLE] (ii) | the New Lender confirms to the Agent and the Borrower that it undertakes to be bound by the terms of this Agreement as a Lender in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent. On the transfer becoming effective in this manner the Existing Lender shall be relieved of its obligations under this Agreement to the extent that they are transferred to the New Lender.

[TABLE] (c) | An Existing Lender is not responsible to a New Lender for:

[TABLE] (i) | the execution, genuineness, validity, enforceability or sufficiency of any Loan Document or any other document;

[TABLE] (ii) | the collectability of amounts payable under any Loan Document; or

[TABLE] (iii) | the accuracy of any statements (whether written or oral) made in or in connection with any Loan Document.

[TABLE] (d) | Each New Lender confirms to the Existing Lender and the other Finance Parties that it:

[TABLE] (i) | has made its own independent investigation and assessment of the financial condition and affairs of the Borrower in connection with its participation in this Agreement and has not relied exclusively on any information provided to it by the Existing Lender in connection with any Loan Document; and

[TABLE] (ii) | will continue to make its own independent appraisal of the creditworthiness of the Borrower while any amount is or may be outstanding under this Agreement or any Commitment is in force.

[TABLE] (e) | Nothing in any Loan Document obliges an Existing Lender to:

[TABLE] (i) | accept a re-transfer from a New Lender of any of the rights or obligations assigned, transferred or novated under this clause; or

[TABLE] (ii) | support any losses incurred by the New Lender by reason of the non-performance by the Borrower of its obligations under this Agreement or otherwise.

[TABLE] (f) | Any reference in this Agreement to a Lender includes a New Lender but excludes a Lender if no amount is or may be owed to or by it under this Agreement and its Commitment has been cancelled or reduced to nil.

[TABLE] (a) | A novation is effected if:

[TABLE] (i) | the Existing Lender and the New Lender deliver to the Agent a duly completed certificate, substantially in the form of Appendix 3 (a “Novation Certificate”); and

[TABLE] (ii) | the Agent and the Borrower executes it.

[TABLE] (b) | Each Party (other than the Existing Lender and the New Lender) irrevocably authorizes the Agent to execute any duly completed Novation Certificate on its behalf.

[TABLE] (c) | To the extent that they are expressed to be the subject of the novation in the Novation Certificate:

[TABLE] (i) | the Existing Lender and the other Finance Parties (the “Existing Parties”) will be released from their obligations to each other (the “Discharged Obligations”);

[TABLE] (ii) | the New Lender and the Existing Parties will assume obligations towards each other which differ from the Discharged Obligations only insofar as they are owed to, or assumed by, the New Lender instead of the Existing Lender;

[TABLE] (iii) | the rights of the Existing Lender against the Existing Parties and vice versa (the “Discharged Rights”) will be cancelled; and

[TABLE] (iii) | the New Lender and the Existing Parties will acquire rights against each
other which differ from the Discharged Rights only insofar as they are exercisable by or against the New Lender instead of the Existing Lender, all on the date of execution of the Novation Certificate by the Agent or, if later, the date specified in the Novation Certificate.

[TABLE] (a) | the Recovering Finance Party shall within three (3) Business Days, notify details of the recovery to the Agent;

[TABLE] (b) | the Agent shall determine whether the recovery is in excess of the amount which the Recovering Finance Party would have received had the Recovery been received by the Agent and distributed in accordance with clause 10 (Other Payment Provisions);

[TABLE] (c) | subject to sub-clause 27.3 (Exception), the Recovering Finance Party shall within three (3) Business Days of demand by the Agent pay to the Agent an amount ( the “Redistribution”) equal to the excess;

[TABLE] (d) | the Agent shall treat the Redistribution as if it were a payment by the Borrower under clause 10 (Other Payment Provisions) and shall pay the Redistribution to the Finance Parties (other than the Recovering Finance Party) in accordance with sub-clause 10.7 (Partial Payments); and

[TABLE] (e) | after payment of the full Redistribution, the Recovering. Finance Party will be subrogated to the portion of the claim paid under paragraph (d) above and the Borrower will owe the Recovering Finance Party a debt which is equal to the Redistribution, immediately payable and of the type originally discharged.

[TABLE] (a) | a Recovering Finance Party must subsequently return a recovery, or an amount measured by reference to a Recovery, to the Borrower; and

[TABLE] (b) | the Recovering Finance Party has paid a redistribution in relation to that recovery,

[TABLE] (a) | the validity or enforceability in that jurisdiction of any other provision of any of the Loan Documents; or

[TABLE] (b) | the validity or enforceability in other jurisdictions of that or any other provision of any of the Loan Documents;

[TABLE] (a) | if in writing, when delivered; and

[TABLE] (b) | if by electronic mail or facsimile, when received.

[TABLE] (a) | The address, e-mail address and facsimile number of each Party (other than the Agent) for all notices under or in connection with this Agreement are:

[TABLE] (b) | those notified by that Party for this purpose to the Agent on or before the date it becomes a Party; or

[TABLE] (c) | any other notified by that Party for this purpose to the Agent by not less than five (5) Business Days’ notice.

[TABLE] (d) | The address, facsimile number and electronic mail address of the Agent are:

[TABLE] (a) | in any other court of competent jurisdiction; or

[TABLE] (b) | concurrently in more than one jurisdiction.

[TABLE] NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANK JAMAICA LIMITED | US$ 29,000,000.00

[TABLE] SAGICOR BANK JAMAICA LIMITED | US$10,000,000.00

[TABLE] JMMB MERCHANT BANK LIMITED | US$5,000,000.00

[TABLE] 1. | Copy of Borrower’s Business Plan together with:

[TABLE] (a) | Unaudited Financial Statements of the Borrower and the Guarantor for the period ended December 31, 2015 and most recent Draft/Management Accounts;

[TABLE] (b) | Cash flow projections for the transaction horizon:

[TABLE] (c) | Organizational Chart for the Borrower;

[TABLE] (d) | Know Your Customer (“KYC”) Documentation for the Directors, and shareholders/beneficial owners (owning more than 10%), including but not limited to references, photo identification, proof of nationality and tax registration number as well as any other documents required to ensure compliance with the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, in each case with respect to the Borrower/Guarantor as applicable; and

[TABLE] (e) | Details of senior managers of Borrower/Guarantor.

[TABLE] 2. | A standard Sources and Uses table for the Project indicating equity and a breakdown of Project expenses;

[TABLE] 3. | Valuation Report being no older than twelve months, of the land, buildings, plant and equipment identified as part of the collateral package prepared by a valuator acceptable to the Arranger showing current and expected value of property upon completion of the Project to facilitate determination of the Loan to Value (“LTV”) of Security ratio;

[TABLE] 4. | Copy of port lease for Berth # l at Port of Montego Bay, Jamaica;

[TABLE] 5. | Copy of the executed Long Term Supply Agreement from ultimate LNG source (acceptable to the Lenders) reflecting a minimum tenor equivalent to that of the Loan;

[TABLE] 6. | Latest draft of the Long Term Offtake Agreement with Jamaica Public Service Company Limited;

[TABLE] 7. | Copy of the executed EPC Contract between the Borrower and Ashtrom Building Systems Limited acceptable to the Lenders;

[TABLE] 8. | Quantity Surveyor’s Bill of Quantities for all construction and infrastructural work relating to the Project, to completion;

[TABLE] 9. | Copies of pro-forma invoices for equipment being purchased for the benefit of the Project; and

[TABLE] 10. | A listing of the approved professionals/service providers who will be engaged for the benefit of the Project and curriculum vitae where relevant;

[TABLE] 11. | Copies of all material contracts relating to the Project (including a construction manager’s contract).

[TABLE] 12. | Copy of the Technical Report submitted by CL Environment Consultants to NEPA, dated February 2016 and entitled, “NFE North Holdings Limited MoBay Micro LNG Receiving Terminal Project, Port of Jamaica, Montego Freeport, St James;

[TABLE] 13. | Confirmation from the Port Authority of Jamaica that the port to be utilized by NFE for the delivery of LNG are public and as such would not be designated a Sufferance Wharf and would not require the Harbor Master’s confirmation of suitability;

[TABLE] 14. | Loan Drawdown schedule;

[TABLE] 1. | For the duration of the Facility the Borrower shall remain domiciled in a country that is a part of CAR1COM and that is also a signatory to the CARICOM Double Taxation Treaty; In the event that there is a change to the existing provisions of the CARJCOM Double Taxation Treaty, the Lenders jointly and severally reserve the right to revise the interest rate relating to the Facility upon giving the Borrower one (1) months’ notice and Borrower shall have the right to prepay the Facility at any time without penalty (prepayment or otherwise);

[TABLE] 2. | The Borrower shall be required to maintain a bank operating account at National Commercial Jamaica Limited;

[TABLE] 3. | The loan to value of security ratio at the Closing Date shall not exceed 65%:

[TABLE] 4. | Subject to exceptions set forth in this Agreement, including but not limited to exceptions set forth under Clause 15.2, Financial Indebtedness provided by all directors and related parties and dividends on shareholders equity shall be subordinated to the Facility (i.e. such amounts may not be repaid or redeemed in whole or in part, prior to the Facility being repaid in full.

[TABLE] 5. | An undertaking issued by NFE Bermuda to the effect that (a) if any amounts are drawn under the Letter of Credit issued in its name with respect to the Demand Charge payable under the Gas Supply Agreement between NFE Bermuda (as assignee of New Fortress Energy LLC) and Jamaica Public Service Company Limited, then (b) it shall pay to the Agent for benefit of the Lenders any Terminal Demand Payment (under the Terminal
 Direct Agreement) owed and outstanding up to the amount of such Letter of Credit.

[TABLE] 6. | The Agent is to be provided with a valuation report every three (3) years post disbursement. The Lenders reserve the right to request a Valuation Report for the Project on demand if it perceives (acting reasonably) any impairment to the value of the collateral package or if the Borrower has breached any of the Financial Covenants.

[TABLE] 1. | A Copy of the executed Gas Supply Agreement between NFE Bermuda (as assignee of New Fortress Energy LLC) and Jamaica Public Service Company Limited is to be provided to the Agent within thirty (30) days of the Date of Disbursement.

[TABLE] 2. | The Borrower shall, within 30 days of the commencement of operations of the Project, establish Business Interruption Insurance and shall assign the rights, entitlements and benefits of the Borrower to the Agent by way of amendment to Schedule 2 of the Assignment of Insurance; provided, however, that the Borrower shall be permitted to establish Business Interruption Insurance within 90 days of the commencement of operations of the Project under this clause if the premium for such insurance is greater than $25,000 per year;

[TABLE] 1. | First Debenture/Charge over all present and future assets and property of the Borrower, in favour of the Agent, to secure payment of the Borrower’s obligations with respect to the Loan;

[TABLE] 2. | Security Contract over new equipment acquired for the benefit of the Project;

[TABLE] 3. | Mortgage of the Borrower’s Leasehold Interest under the long term lease over the lands on which the Project is sited;

[TABLE] 4. | Corporate Guarantee executed by the Guarantor in favour of the Agent guaranteeing the Borrower’s obligations under the Loan Agreement;

[TABLE] 5. | Debt Service Reserve Account with minimum six (6) months principal and nine (9) month’s interest to be established with National Commercial Bank Jamaica Limited;

[TABLE] 6. | Terminal Direct Agreement between the Agent, Borrower, Jamaica Public Service Company Limited and NFE Bermuda the same containing a security interest in favour of the Agent (for the benefit of the Lenders) over the Demand Charge under the Gas Sales Agreement between NFE Bermuda (as assignee of New Fortress Energy LLC) and Jamaica Public Service Company Limited

[TABLE] 7. | Charge over 100% shares in the Borrower;

[TABLE] 8. | Assignment of Contractors All Risk Insurance and Peril Insurance with the Agent as named insureds.

[TABLE] 9. | Assignment of the benefit of NFE North Holdings Limited under the Performance Bond issued on behalf of Ashtrom Building Systems Limited (the Contractor under the EPC Contract, relating to the Project) in such manner as shall be acceptable to the Lenders, such assignment to be in favour of the Agent.

[TABLE] THE COMMON SEAL of NFE NORTH HOLDINGS | )

[TABLE] LIMITED was hereunto | )

[TABLE] put and affixed and this Agreement signed by | )

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] a Director and | )

[TABLE] a Director/the Secretary of the Company | )

[TABLE] in the presence of | )

[TABLE] /s/ Kathleen A. Halvey

[TABLE] KATHLEEN A. HALVEY

[TABLE] NOTARY PUBLIC-STATE OF NEW YORK

[TABLE] NO. CIliA6170632

[TABLE] QUALIFIED IN NEW YORK COUNTY

[TABLE] MY COMMISSION EXPIRES 01-06-2020

[TABLE] NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANK JAMAICA LIMITED | NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANK JAMAICA LIMITED | NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANK JAMAICA LIMITED

[TABLE] (as Arranger) | (as Arranger) | (as Arranger)

[TABLE] By: | /s/Brian Boothe

[TABLE] Name: Brian Boothe

[TABLE] Title: General Manager Corporate Banking Division | Title: General Manager Corporate Banking Division

[TABLE] By: | /s/Andrew Simpson

[TABLE] Name: Andrew Simpson

[TABLE] Title: Assistant General Manager Corporate Banking Division | Title: Assistant General Manager Corporate Banking Division

[TABLE] In the presence of: | In the presence of: | In the presence of:

[TABLE] NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANK JAMAICA LIMITED | NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANK JAMAICA LIMITED | NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANK JAMAICA LIMITED

[TABLE] (as Lender) | (as Lender) | (as Lender)

[TABLE] By: | /s/Brian Boothe

[TABLE] Name: Brian Boothe

[TABLE] Title: General Manager Corporate Banking Division | Title: General Manager Corporate Banking Division

[TABLE] By: | /s/Andrew Simpson

[TABLE] Name: Andrew Simpson

[TABLE] Title: Assistant General Manager Corporate Banking Division | Title: Assistant General Manager Corporate Banking Division

[TABLE] In the presence of: | In the presence of: | In the presence of:

[TABLE] SAGICOR BANK JAMAICA LIMITED | SAGICOR BANK JAMAICA LIMITED | SAGICOR BANK JAMAICA LIMITED

[TABLE] (as Lender) | (as Lender) | (as Lender)

[TABLE] By: | /s/Jeffrey Chevannes

[TABLE] Name: Jeffrey Chevannes

[TABLE] Title: VP Credit Risk

[TABLE] By: | /s/Eric Scott

[TABLE] Name: Eric Scott

[TABLE] Title: VP Accounting

[TABLE] In the presence of: | In the presence of: | In the presence of:

[TABLE] JMMB MERCHANT BANK LIMITED | JMMB MERCHANT BANK LIMITED | JMMB MERCHANT BANK LIMITED

[TABLE] (As Lender) | (As Lender) | (As Lender)

[TABLE] By: | /s/Moya Leiba-Barnes

[TABLE] Name: Moya Leiba-Barnes

[TABLE] Title: General Manager Client Relations | Title: General Manager Client Relations

[TABLE] By: | /s/Trudy-Ann Bartley

[TABLE] Name: Trudy-Ann Bartley

[TABLE] Title: Legal Counsel

[TABLE] In the presence of: | In the presence of: | In the presence of:

[TABLE] JCSD TRUSTEE SERVICES LIMITED | JCSD TRUSTEE SERVICES LIMITED | JCSD TRUSTEE SERVICES LIMITED

[TABLE] (As Agent) | (As Agent) | (As Agent)

[TABLE] By: | /s/Marlene J. Street Forrest

[TABLE] Name: Marlene J. Street Forrest

[TABLE] Title: Director

[TABLE] By: | /s/Robin Levy

[TABLE] Name: Robin Levy

[TABLE] Title: Corporate Secretary

[TABLE] In the presence of: | In the presence of: | In the presence of:

[TABLE] Promissory Note

[TABLE] Issue Date: | Principal Amount: US$[**]

[TABLE] Maturity Date

[TABLE] THE COMMON SEAL of NFE NORTH HOLDINGS | )

[TABLE] LIMITED was hereunto | )

[TABLE] put and affixed and this Note signed by | )

[TABLE] )

[TABLE] a Director and | )

[TABLE] a Director/the Secretary of the Company | )

[TABLE] in the presence of:- | )

[TABLE] To: | To:

[TABLE] (i) | no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing;

[TABLE] (ii) | the representations and warranties contained in sub-clause 14.1 of the Loan Agreement are all true and correct at the date hereof as if made with respect to the facts and circumstances existing at such date;

[TABLE] (iii) | the borrowing to be effected by the disbursement of the Loan will be within our corporate power and has been validly authorised by appropriate corporate action and will not cause any limit on our borrowings (whether imposed by statute, regulation, agreement, resolution of our members in general meetings or otherwise) to be exceeded; and

[TABLE] (iv) | there has been no Material Adverse Change in our financial position from that set forth in our published quarterly financial statements for the period ended [         ].

[TABLE] Per:

[TABLE] To: | (“as Agent”)

[TABLE] From:

[TABLE] Date:

[TABLE] [Existing Lender] | [Existing Lender] | [Existing Lender] | [Existing Lender] | [New Lender]

[TABLE] By:

[TABLE] By:

[TABLE] Date: | Date:

[TABLE] Date: | Date:

[TABLE] [Address for Notices]

[TABLE] [Agent] | [Agent] | [Agent] | [Agent] | NFE North Holdings Limited | NFE North Holdings Limited | NFE North Holdings Limited | NFE North Holdings Limited

[TABLE] Agreed for and on behalf of itself as Agent and | Agreed for and on behalf of itself as Agent and | Agreed for and on behalf of itself as Agent and | Agreed for and on behalf of itself as Agent and

[TABLE] for the Arranger and the other Lenders | for the Arranger and the other Lenders | for the Arranger and the other Lenders | for the Arranger and the other Lenders | By:

[TABLE] By: | Date: | Date:

[TABLE] Date: | Date:


================================================================================
📋 DOCUMENT: Law_Insider_hillenbrand-inc_in-respect-of-the-eur-325000000-syndicated-l-g-facility-agreement-originally-dated-21-june-2022-hi_Filed_23-06-2023_Contract
================================================================================
[Page 1]
 
Exhibit 10.2
 
Execution Version
 
Dated 22 June 2023
 
in respect of the
 
EUR 325,000,000
SYNDICATED L/G FACILITY AGREEMENT
 
originally dated 21 June 2022
 
XXXXXXXXXXX, INC. AND CERTAIN OF ITS SUBSIDIARIES
 
arranged by
 
COMMERZBANK AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT
(as Arranger)
 
with
 
COMMERZBANK AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT
(as Agent)
 
AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT AGREEMENT
 
Die Xxxxx
Xxxxxxxxx 00
00000 Xxxxxxxxx xx Main
Tel: x00.00.0000.0000
xxx.xx.xxx
 
 


[Page 2]
 
 
CONTENTS
 
Clause
Page
 
 
1.              DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION
1
 
 
2.              AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT OF EXISTING FACILITY AGREEMENT
2
 
 
3.              REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
2
 
 
4.              MISCELLANEOUS
2
 
 
5.              CONCLUSION OF THIS AGREEMENT (VERTRAGSSCHLUSS)
3
 
 
SCHEDULE 1 THE PARTIES
4
 
 
SCHEDULE 2 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT
7
 
 
1.              OBLIGORS
7
 
 
2.              FINANCE DOCUMENTS
8
 
 
3.              LEGAL OPINIONS
8
 
 
4.              OTHER DOCUMENTS AND EVIDENCE
8
 
 
SCHEDULE 3 THE AMENDED AND RESTATED FACILITY AGREEMENT
10
 
i


[Page 3]
 
 
This Amendment and Restatement Agreement (this "Agreement") is made between the following parties:
 
(1)
XXXXXXXXXXX, INC. (the "Company");
 
(2)
THE SUBSIDIARIES of the Company listed in Part 1 (The Obligors) of Schedule 1 (The Parties) as borrowers (together with
the Company, the "Borrowers");
 
(3)
THE SUBSIDIARIES of the Company listed in Part 1 (The Obligors) of Schedule 1 (The Parties) as guarantors (together with
the Company, the "Guarantors" and together with the Borrowers, the "Obligors");
 
(4)
COMMERZBANK AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT as coordinator, mandated lead arranger and bookrunner (the "Arranger") and
DZ BANK AG DEUTSCHE ZENTRAL-GENOSSENSCHAFTSBANK, FRANKFURT AM MAIN, NEW YORK
BRANCH, HSBC TRINKAUS & XXXXXXXXX GMBH, SKANDINAVISKA ENSKILDA BANKEN AB (PUBL)
FRANKFURT BRANCH and SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION as mandated lead arranger;
 
(5)
THE FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS listed in Part 2 (The Lenders) of Schedule 1 (The Parties) as lenders (the "Original
Lenders") and as issuing banks; and
 
(6)
COMMERZBANK AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT agent of the other Finance Parties (the "Agent").
 
The parties listed under no. (1) to (6) above are collectively referred to as the "Parties".
 
Whereas:
 
(A)
This Agreement is supplemental to and amends and restates, with effect from the Effective Date (as defined below), the
syndicated L/G facility agreement originally dated 21 June 2022 between the Company, the Borrowers, the Guarantors, the
Arranger, the Original Lenders and the Agent (the "Existing Facility Agreement").
 
(B)
The Parties wish to amend and restate the Existing Facility Agreement with effect from the Effective Date (as defined below) and
subject to the conditions set out in this Agreement in order to, inter alia, increase the commitments by an amount of EUR
100,000,000 and align certain provisions of the Existing Facility Agreement with the Existing US Facility Agreement through an
amended and restated facility agreement.
 
It is agreed as follows:
 
1.
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION
 
1.1
Definitions
 
Unless a contrary indication appears, a term defined in the Amended and Restated Facility Agreement (as defined below) has the
same meaning in this Agreement. In addition:
 
"Amended and Restated Facility Agreement" means the Existing Facility Agreement as amended and restated by this
Agreement.
 
"Effective Date" means the date on which the Agent confirms in writing to the Company satisfaction with the conditions
precedent set out in Schedule 2 (Conditions Precedent) hereto.
 
1


[Page 4]
 
 
1.2
Construction
 
In this Agreement any reference to a "Clause" or a "Schedule" is, unless the context otherwise requires or otherwise indicated, a
reference to a Clause of or a Schedule to this Agreement.
 
The principles of construction set out in clause 1.2 (Construction) of the Existing Facility Agreement shall be incorporated into
this Agreement, mutatis mutandis, as if such clause was set out in full save that references in the Existing Facility Agreement to
"this Agreement" shall be construed as references to the Amended and Restated Facility Agreement.
 
1.3
Designation
 
In accordance with the Existing Facility Agreement, each of the Company and the Agent designate this Agreement as a Finance
Document.
 
2.
AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT OF EXISTING FACILITY AGREEMENT
 
With effect from and subject to the occurrence of, the Effective Date,
 
(a)
the Existing Facility Agreement shall be amended and restated so that it shall be read and be construed for all purposes
as set out in Schedule 3 (Amended and Restated Facility Agreement); and
 
(b)
the Total Commitments (as defined in the Existing Facility Agreement) shall be increased by an amount of EUR
100,000,000; and the Total Commitments as of the Effective Date shall be as set out in Part 2 (The Lenders) of Schedule
1 (The Parties).
 
3.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
 
(a)
Each Obligor on the date of this Agreement and the Effective Date makes the Repeated Representations:
 
(i)
as if each reference in those representations to "this Agreement" or "the Finance Documents" includes a
reference to (i) this Agreement and (ii) the Amended and Restated Facility Agreement and (iii) the definition of
Finance Document as amended in the Amended and Restated Facility Agreement; and
 
(ii)
by reference to the facts and circumstances existing on the Effective Date, respectively.
 
(b)
Each Obligor on the Effective Date represents and warrants that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or
would occur as a consequence of this Agreement.
 
4.
MISCELLANEOUS
 
4.1
Partial Invalidity; Remedies and Waivers
 
The provisions of Clause 32 (Partial Invalidity) and Clause 33 (Remedies and Waivers) of the Existing Facility Agreement are
hereby incorporated by reference into this Agreement and shall apply herein mutatis mutandis.
 
4.2
Governing Law
 
This Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with this Agreement are governed by German
law and the Company submits to the jurisdiction of the courts of Frankfurt am Main, Germany in the terms set out in Clause 40
(Enforcement) of the
 
2


[Page 5]
 
 
Existing Facility Agreement (as if references in that Clause 40 (Enforcement) to "this Agreement" were references to this
Agreement).
 
5.
CONCLUSION OF THIS AGREEMENT (VERTRAGSSCHLUSS)
 
(a)
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, and this has the same effect as if the signatures on the
counterparts were on a single copy of this Agreement. The Parties may choose to conclude this Agreement by an
exchange of signed signature page(s), transmitted by any means of telecommunication (telekommunikative
Übermittlung) such as by way of fax or electronic photocopy.
 
(b)
If the Parties choose to conclude this Agreement pursuant to (a) above, they will transmit the signed signature page(s) of
this Agreement to Xxxxxx & Xxxxxxx LLP, Xxxxxxxxx 00, 00000 Xxxxxxxxx xx Xxxx, Xxxxxxx, for the attention of
Xxxxxxx Xxxxxxxxx (xxxxxxx.xxxxxxxxx@xx.xxx) and/or Xxxxxxx Xxxxx (xxxxxxx.xxxxxx@xx.xxx) (each a
"Recipient"). This Agreement will be considered concluded once a Recipient has received the signed signature
page(s) (Zugang der Unterschriftsseite(n)) from all Parties (whether by way of fax, electronic photocopy or other means
of telecommunication) and at the time of the receipt of the last outstanding signature page(s) by any of the Recipients.
 
(c)
For the purposes of paragraphs (a) to (c) only, the Parties appoint each Recipient as their attorney (Empfangsvertreter)
and expressly allow (gestatten) such Recipient to collect the signed signature page(s) from all and for all Parties to this
Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, no Recipient will have further duties connected with its position as Recipient. In
particular, each Recipient may assume the conformity to the authentic original(s) of the signature page(s) transmitted to
it by means of telecommunication, the genuineness of all signatures on the original signature page(s) and the signing
authority of the signatories.
 
This Agreement has been entered into on the date stated at the beginning of this Agreement.
 
3


[Page 6]
 
 
SCHEDULE 1
THE PARTIES
 
Part 1
 
The Obligors
 
Name of Original Borrower
 
Registration number (or equivalent, if any)
Xxxxxxxxxxx, Inc.
 
Xxx Xxxxxxxxxx Xxxxxxxxx 
Xxxxxxxxxx, Xxxxxxx 00000 
Indiana Secretary of State 
#2007110100396
 
 
 
Coperion GmbH
 
HRB 23976 (Local Xxxxx xx Xxxxxxxxx) 
Xxxxxxxxxxxxx 00, 00000 Xxxxxxxxx, Xxxxxxx
 
 
 
Coperion K-Tron (Schweiz) GmbH
 
CHE-105.883.000 
Xxxxxxxxxxx 00/00 
XX-0000 Xxxxxxxxxx, Xxxxxxxxxxx
 
 
 
Rotex Europe Ltd
 
04307924 (Registered with Companies House) 
  
For notices: 
DTM Legal LLP 
Archway House 
Station Road 
Chester 
CH1 3DR 
United Kingdom 
  
Office location: 
Archway House, 
Station Road, 
Chester, 
England, 
CH1 3DR
 
Name of Original Guarantor
 
Registration number (or equivalent, if any)
Xxxxxxxxxxx, Inc.
 
Xxx Xxxxxxxxxx Xxxxxxxxx 
Xxxxxxxxxx, Xxxxxxx 00000 
Indiana Secretary of State 
#2007110100396
 
 
 
Process Equipment Group, Inc.
 
00 Xxxx Xxxxx Xxxxxx 
Xxxxxxx, Xxx Xxxxxx 00000
Xxx Xxxxxx Secretary of State 
#5278301800
 
 
 
K-Tron Investment Co.
 
000 Xxxxx Xxxx, Xxxxx 000 
Xxxxxxxxxx, Xxxxxxxx 00000 
Delaware Secretary of State 
#2250493
 
 
 
Xxxxxxxxxxx Luxembourg Inc.
 
0000 Xxxxxx Xxxxxx 
Xxxxxxxxxx, Xxxxxxxx 00000 
Delaware Secretary of State 
#3745346
 


[Page 7]
4


[Page 8]
 
 
Name of Original Guarantor
 
Registration number (or equivalent, if any)
Milacron Plastics Technologies Group LLC
 
0000 Xxxxxxxxxxx Xxxx, Xxxxx 000 
Xxxxxxxxxx, Xxxxxxxx 00000
Delaware Secretary of State 
#4692536
 
 
 
Milacron Marketing Company LLC
 
0000 Xxxxxxxxxxx Xxxx, Xxxxx 000 
Xxxxxxxxxx, Xxxxxxxx 00000
Delaware Secretary of State 
#4692541
 
 
 
Milacron LLC
 
0000 Xxxxxxxxxxx Xxxx, Xxxxx 000 
Xxxxxxxxxx, Xxxxxxxx 00000
Delaware Secretary of State 
#4678052
 
5


[Page 9]
 
 
Part 2
The Lenders
 
Name of Original Lender
 
Commitment
in EUR
  
Treaty Passport Scheme
reference number
COMMERZBANK Aktiengesellschaft
  115,500,000.00  
7/C/25382/DTTP
DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt am Main, New
York Branch
  
72,000,000.00  
7/D/205877/DTTP
HSBC Trinkaus & Xxxxxxxxx GmbH
  
58,000,000.00  
7/H/275147/DTTP
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) Frankfurt Branch
  
50,500,000.00  
73/S/42621/DTTP
Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
  
29,000,000.00  
43/S/274647/DTTP
 
  
   
 
TOTAL
  325,000,000.00  
 
 
6


[Page 10]
 
 
SCHEDULE 2
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT
 
1.
OBLIGORS
 
(a)
In relation to an Obligor incorporated or established in Germany, an up-to-date commercial register extract
(Handelsregisterausdruck), its articles of association (Satzung) or partnership agreement (Gesellschaftsvertrag), copies
of any by-laws as well as a list of shareholders (Gesellschafterliste) (in each case, if applicable).
 
(b)
A copy of a good standing certificate (including verification of tax status) with respect to each U.S. Obligor, issued as of
a recent date by the Secretary of State or other appropriate official of each U.S. Obligor's jurisdiction of incorporation or
organisation.
 
(c)
In relation to an Obligor incorporated or established in a jurisdiction other than Germany, a copy of its constitutional
documents.
 
(d)
In relation to an Obligor incorporated or established in Germany, a copy of a resolution signed by all the holders of the
issued shares of such Obligor and/or if applicable and required under the respective Obligor’s constitutional documents,
a copy of a resolution of the supervisory board (Aufsichtsrat) and/or advisory board (Beirat) of such Obligor approving
the terms of, and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
 
(e)
In relation to an Obligor incorporated in a jurisdiction other than Germany or a jurisdiction of the U.S., a copy of a
resolution signed by all the holders of the issued shares in each such Obligor, approving the terms of, and the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
 
(f)
A copy of a resolution of the board of directors, or equivalent governing body, of each Obligor incorporated or
established in a jurisdiction other than Germany:
 
(i)
approving the terms of, and the transactions contemplated by, this Agreement and resolving that it execute this
Agreement;
 
(ii)
authorising a specified person or persons to execute this Agreement on its behalf; and
 
(iii)
authorising a specified person or persons, on its behalf, to sign and/or despatch all documents and notices
(including, if relevant, any Utilisation Request) to be signed and/or despatched by it under or in connection with
this Agreement.
 
(g)
A specimen of the signature of each person authorised to execute this Agreement and other documents and notices
(including, if relevant, any Utilisation Request) to be signed and/or despatched by it under or in connection with this
Agreement.
 
(h)
A certificate of an authorised signatory of the relevant Obligor incorporated or established in England and Wales,
confirming that borrowing or guaranteeing, as appropriate, the Total Commitments would not cause any borrowing,
guarantee or similar limit binding on it to be exceeded.
 
(i)
A certificate of an authorised signatory of the relevant Obligor certifying that each copy document relating to it specified
in this Schedule 2 (Conditions Precedent) is correct, complete and in full force and effect as at a date no earlier than the
date of this Agreement.
 
7


[Page 11]
 
 
(j)
A certificate of an authorised signatory of each Swiss Obligor certifying that it has not been granted a loan under the
Ordinance regarding the granting of loans and sureties in connection with Covid-19 (Verordnung zur Gewährung von
Krediten und Solidarbürgschaften in Folge des Coronavirus) of the Swiss Federal Council dated 25 March 2020, as
amended (SR 951.261) as replaced by the Act regarding credits with sureties in connection with the Coronavirus
(Bundesgesetz über Kredite mit Solidarbürgschaft infolge des Coronavirus) dated 18 December 2020 (SR 951.26) or
under any similar federal or cantonal program in Switzerland.
 
2.
FINANCE DOCUMENTS
 
(a)
This Agreement executed by each member of the Group party to this Agreement.
 
(b)
The Fee Letter in relation to the amendment and upfront fee executed by the Company.
 
3.
LEGAL OPINIONS
 
(a)
A legal opinion of Xxxxxx & Xxxxxxx LLP, legal advisers to the Arranger and the Agent in Germany as to German law,
substantially in the form distributed to the Original Lenders prior to signing this Agreement;
 
(b)
A legal opinion of Xxxxxx & Xxxxxxx LLP, legal advisers to the Arranger and the Agent in New York as to certain U.S.
law matters, substantially in the form distributed to the Original Lenders prior to signing this Agreement;
 
(c)
A legal opinion of Xxxxxxxx Xxxxx Xxxx Ltd, legal advisers to the Arranger and Agent in Switzerland as to Swiss law,
substantially in the form distributed to the Original Lenders prior to signing this Agreement;
 
(d)
A legal opinion of Xxxxxxx, Arps, Slate, Xxxxxxx & Xxxx LLP, legal advisers to the Company in Germany as to
German law, substantially in the form distributed to the Original Lenders prior to signing this Agreement;
 
(e)
A legal opinion of Xxxxxxx, Arps, Slate, Xxxxxxx & Xxxx (UK) LLP, legal advisers to the Company in England and
Wales as to English law, substantially in the form distributed to the Original Lenders prior to signing this Agreement;
 
(f)
A legal opinion of MME Legal, legal advisers to the Company in Switzerland as to Swiss law, substantially in the form
distributed to the Original Lenders prior to signing this Agreement;
 
(g)
A legal opinion of Xxxxxxx, Arps, Slate, Xxxxxxx & Xxxx LLP, legal advisers to the Company in Delaware as to
Delaware law, substantially in the form distributed to the Original Lenders prior to signing this Agreement;
 
(h)
A legal opinion of Faegre Drinker Xxxxxx & Xxxxx LLP, legal advisers to the Company in New Jersey as to New Jersey
law, substantially in the form distributed to the Original Lenders prior to signing this Agreement; and
 
(i)
A legal opinion of Ice Xxxxxx LLP, legal advisers to the Company in Indiana as to Indiana law, substantially in the form
distributed to the Original Lenders prior to signing this Agreement.
 
4.
OTHER DOCUMENTS AND EVIDENCE
 
(a)
Confirmation by the Company that amendment no. 1 to the Existing US Facility Agreement, dated on or about the date
of this Agreement, has become effective.
 
8


[Page 12]
 
 
(b)
A copy of any other authorisation or other document, opinion or assurance reasonably requested by the Agent (if it has
notified the Company accordingly) in connection with the entry into and performance of the transactions contemplated
by any Finance Document or for the validity and enforceability of any Finance Document.
 
(c)
Evidence that the fees, costs and expenses then due from the Company in connection with this Agreement have been
paid or will be paid by the Effective Date.
 
(d)
A certificate of the Company certifying that:
 
(i)
all of the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in this Agreement are true and correct in all
material respects (provided that any representation or warranty qualified by materiality or Material Adverse
Effect is true and correct in all respects), except that to the extent that such representation or warranty expressly
relates to an earlier date, such representation or warranty is true and correct as of such earlier date; and
 
(ii)
after giving effect to this Agreement on the Effective Date, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing.
 
9


[Page 13]
 
 
SCHEDULE 3
THE AMENDED AND RESTATED FACILITY AGREEMENT
 
10


[Page 14]
 
 
Final Version
 
XXXXXXXXXXX, INC. AND CERTAIN OF ITS SUBSIDIARIES
 
arranged by
 
COMMERZBANK AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT
(as Arranger)
 
with
 
COMMERZBANK AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT
(as Agent)
 
 
 
EUR 325,000,000 SYNDICATED L/G FACILITY AGREEMENT originally dated 21 June 2022 as
amended and restated on 22 June 2023
 
 
 
Die Xxxxx
Xxxxxxxxx 00
00000 Xxxxxxxxx xx Xxxx, Xxxxxxx
Tel: x00.00.0000.0000
xxx.xx.xxx
 
Contact: Xxxxxxx Xxxxx
 


[Page 15]
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Clause
 
Page
 
 
 
1.             DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION
 
1
 
 
 
2.             THE FACILITY
 
27
 
 
 
3.             PURPOSE
 
32
 
 
 
4.             CONDITIONS OF UTILISATION
 
32
 
 
 
5.             UTILISATION
 
33
 
 
 
6.             REBASING
 
39
 
 
 
7.             L/GS
 
40
 
 
 
8.             REPAYMENT
 
41
 
 
 
9.             PREPAYMENT AND CANCELLATION
 
42
 
 
 
10.          CASH COVER
 
45
 
 
 
11.          FEES
 
46
 
 
 
12.          TAX GROSS UP AND INDEMNITIES
 
48
 
 
 
13.          INCREASED COSTS
 
61
 
 
 
14.          OTHER INDEMNITIES
 
62
 
 
 
15.          MITIGATION BY THE LENDERS
 
63
 
 
 
16.          COSTS AND EXPENSES
 
64
 
 
 
17.          GUARANTEE AND INDEMNITY
 
64
 
 
 
18.          REPRESENTATIONS
 
68
 
 
 
19.          INFORMATION UNDERTAKINGS
 
73
 
 
 
20.          FINANCIAL COVENANTS
 
77
 
 
 
21.          GENERAL UNDERTAKINGS
 
82
 
 
 
22.          EVENTS OF DEFAULT
 
99
 
 
 
23.          CHANGES TO THE LENDERS
 
104
 
 
 
24.          CHANGES TO THE OBLIGORS
 
108
 
 
 
25.          ROLE OF THE AGENT AND THE ARRANGER
 
111
 
 
 
26.          CONDUCT OF BUSINESS BY THE FINANCE PARTIES
 
119
 
 
 
27.          SHARING AMONG THE FINANCE PARTIES
 
119
 
 
 


[Page 16]
28.          PAYMENT MECHANICS
 
123
 
 
 
29.          SET-OFF
 
125
 
 
 
30.          NOTICES
 
125
 
 
 
31.          CALCULATIONS AND CERTIFICATES
 
128
 
 
 
32.          PARTIAL INVALIDITY
 
128
 
 
 
33.          REMEDIES AND WAIVERS
 
128
 
 
 
34.          AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS
 
129
 
 
 
35.          CONFIDENTIALITY
 
134
 
ii


[Page 17]
 
 
36.          USA PATRIOT ACT
 
136
 
 
 
37.          INTEREST RATE LIMITATION
 
136
 
 
 
38.          DECLARATION IN RELATION TO ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING ACT
 
137
 
 
 
39.          GOVERNING LAW
 
137
 
 
 
40.          ENFORCEMENT
 
137
 
 
 
41.          WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL
 
138
 
 
 
42.          CONTRACTUAL RECOGNITION OF BAIL-IN
 
138
 
 
 
43.          CONCLUSION OF THIS AGREEMENT (VERTRAGSSCHLUSS)
 
140
 
SCHEDULE 1 THE ORIGINAL PARTIES
 
141
 
 
 
SCHEDULE 2 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT
 
144
 
 
 
SCHEDULE 3 UTILISATION REQUEST
 
149
 
 
 
SCHEDULE 4 FORM OF ADDITIONAL COMMITMENT REQUEST
 
151
 
 
 
SCHEDULE 5 FORM OF INCREASE CONFIRMATION
 
152
 
 
 
SCHEDULE 6 FORM OF TRANSFER CERTIFICATE
 
156
 
 
 
SCHEDULE 7 FORM OF ACCESSION LETTER
 
160
 
 
 
SCHEDULE 8 FORM OF RESIGNATION LETTER
 
161
 
 
 
SCHEDULE 9 FORM OF COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
 
162
 
 
 
SCHEDULE 10 LMA FORM OF CONFIDENTIALITY UNDERTAKING
 
163
 
 
 
SCHEDULE 11 TIMETABLES
 
167
 
 
 
SCHEDULE 12 FORM OF PROCESS AGENT APPOINTMENT LETTER
 
168
 
 
 
SCHEDULE 13 FORM OF ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AGREEMENT
 
169
 
 
 
SCHEDULE 14 LIST OF INITIAL MATERIAL SUBSIDIARIES
 
170
 
 
 
SCHEDULE 15 FORM OF BANK GUARANTEE
 
171
 
 
 
EXHIBIT 1 TO COUNTER GUARANTEE NO
 
173
 
 
 
SCHEDULE 16 LIST OF EXISTING L/GS
 
174
 
 
 
SCHEDULE 17 LIST OF EXISTING FINANCIAL INDEBTEDNESS AND EXISTING SECURITY
 
175
 
iii


[Page 18]
 
 
THIS AGREEMENT is originally dated 21 June 2022 as amended and restated on 22 June 2023 (the "Agreement") and made between:
 
(1)
XXXXXXXXXXX, INC. (the "Company");
 
(2)
THE SUBSIDIARIES of the Company listed in Part 1 (The Original Obligors) of Schedule 1 (The Original Parties) as original
borrowers (together with the Company the "Original Borrowers");
 
(3)
THE SUBSIDIARIES of the Company listed in Part 1 (The Original Obligors) of Schedule 1 (The Original Parties) as original
guarantors (together with the Company the "Original Guarantors");
 
(4)
COMMERZBANK AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT as coordinator, mandated lead arranger and bookrunner (the "Arranger") and
DZ BANK AG DEUTSCHE ZENTRAL-GENOSSENSCHAFTSBANK, FRANKFURT AM MAIN, NEW YORK
BRANCH, HSBC TRINKAUS & XXXXXXXXX GMBH, SKANDINAVISKA ENSKILDA BANKEN AB (PUBL)
FRANKFURT BRANCH and SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION as mandated lead arranger;
 
(5)
THE FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS listed in Part 2 (The Original Lenders) of Schedule 1 (The Original Parties) as lenders
(the "Original Lenders") and as issuing banks; and
 
(6)
COMMERZBANK AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT as agent of the other Finance Parties (the "Agent").
 
IT IS AGREED as follows:
 
1.
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION
 
1.1
Definitions
 
In this Agreement:
 
"Acceptable Bank" means a bank or financial institution with a rating for its long-term unsecured and non credit-enhanced debt
obligations assigned by Xxxxx'x Investor Services, Inc., Standard & Poor's Corporation or any other reputable rating agency,
such rating and agency to be reasonably acceptable to the relevant Issuing Bank.
 
"Accession Letter" means a document substantially in the form set out in Schedule 7 (Form of Accession Letter).
 
"Additional Borrower" means a company which becomes an Additional Borrower in accordance with Clause 24 (Changes to
the Obligors).
 
"Additional Commitment Request" means a notice substantially in the form set out in Schedule 4 (Form of Additional
Commitment Request).
 
"Additional Guarantor" means a company which becomes an Additional Guarantor in accordance with Clause 24 (Changes to
the Obligors).
 
"Additional Obligor" means an Additional Borrower or an Additional Guarantor.
 
"Adjusted Covenant Period" means, in connection with an acquisition that involves the payment of consideration by the
Company and/or a member of the Group in excess of $75,000,000, a period commencing with the Financial Quarter in which
such acquisition occurs and the four (4) consecutive full Financial Quarters ending thereafter.
 
1


[Page 19]
 
 
"Adjusted Period" means the period commencing on the Effective Date and ending on the Adjusted Period Termination Date.
 
"Adjusted Period Termination Date" means the first date on or after April 1, 2025 that all principal, interest and other amounts
owing in respect of the Term A-2 Loans have been paid in full.
 
"Affiliate" means, in relation to any person, a Subsidiary of that person or a Holding Company of that person or any other
Subsidiary of that Holding Company.
 
"Affiliate Borrower" has the meaning given to that term in Clause 5.8 (Affiliate of a Borrower).
 
"Agency Fee Letter" means the letter dated 16 June 2022 between the Agent and the Company setting out any of the fees
referred to in Clause 11.4 (Agency Fee).
 
"Amendment Agreement" means the amendment and restatement agreement dated 22 June 2023 in relation to the amendment
and restatement of the Original Facility Agreement.
 
"Anti-Corruption Laws" means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Company or its Subsidiaries
from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption.
 
"Anti-Money Laundering Laws" means any applicable laws or regulations in any jurisdiction in which the Borrower or any
Group Company is located or doing business that relate to money laundering and terrorism financing, any predicate crime to
money laundering, or any financial record keeping and reporting requirements related thereto.
 
"Applicable GAAP" means, in the case of the consolidated financial statements of the Company (or the Group), U.S. GAAP, and
in the case of the unconsolidated financial statements of any Obligor or the consolidated financial statements of any Obligor other
than the Company, the accounting principles generally accepted in its jurisdiction of incorporation from time to time.
 
"Applicable Pledge Percentage" means (A) 100% of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of each Pledge Subsidiary that
is a Domestic Subsidiary and (B) 65% of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests entitled to vote (within the meaning of
Treas. Reg. Section 1.956-2(c)(2)) and 100% of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests not entitled to vote (within the
meaning of Treas. Reg. Section 1.956-2(c)(2)) in each Pledge Subsidiary that is a Foreign Subsidiary.
 
"Approved Fund" means any person (other than a natural person) that is regularly engaged in investing in L/G facilities and
issuing L/Gs in the ordinary course of its business and that is administered or managed by:
 
(a)
a Lender;
 
(b)
an Affiliate of a Lender; or
 
(c)
an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender.
 
"Approved Jurisdiction" means the U.S., United Kingdom, any member state of the European Union, Switzerland and any other
jurisdiction in which an Obligor is incorporated.
 
"Attributable Indebtedness" means, on any date, in respect of any finance lease of any person, the capitalized amount thereof
that would appear on the balance sheet of such person prepared as of such date in accordance with U.S. GAAP; provided that in
no event shall an operating lease be treated
 
2


[Page 20]
 
 
as Attributable Indebtedness regardless of whether such obligation appears on a balance sheet in accordance with U.S. GAAP.
 
"Authorisation" means an authorisation, consent, approval, resolution, licence, exemption, filing, notarisation or registration of a
Governmental Authority.
 
"Availability Period" means the period from and including the date of this Agreement to and including the Termination Date.
 
"Available Commitment" means a Lender's Commitment minus:
 
(a)
the Base Currency Amount of its participation in any outstanding L/Gs under the Facility (including any Indemnified
Loss Amounts paid by a Lender to an Entitled Lender pursuant to paragraph (f) of Clause 27.6 (Loss Sharing in respect
of L/Gs); and
 
(b)
in relation to any proposed Utilisation, the Base Currency Amount of its participation in any L/Gs that are due to be
issued on or before the proposed Utilisation Date,
 
provided that, in relation to any proposed Utilisation, that Xxxxxx's participation in any L/Gs that are due to expire, be repaid or
prepaid on or before the proposed Utilisation Date shall not be deducted from a Lender's Commitment under the Facility.
 
"Available Facility" means the aggregate for the time being of each Lender's Available Commitment in respect of the Facility.
 
"Bank Levy" means (i) any amount payable by any Finance Party or any of its Affiliates on the basis of, or in relation to, its
balance sheet or capital base or any part of it or its liabilities or minimum regulatory capital or any combination thereof
(including the German bank levy as set out in the German Restructuring Fund Act 2010 (Restrukturierungsfondsgesetz)) and
(ii) any other levy or tax in any jurisdiction levied on a similar basis or for a similar purpose, in each case only if and to the extent
it has been enacted at the signing date of this Agreement or (if applicable) as at the date that Finance Party accedes to this
Agreement.
 
"Base Currency" means EUR.
 
"Base Currency Amount" means,
 
(a)
if the Electronic Platform is available, the amount specified in the Utilisation Request (or, if the amount requested is not
denominated in the Base Currency, that amount converted by the Electronic Platform into the Base Currency at the Spot
Rate of Exchange on the date on which the relevant Issuing Bank approves the issuance of the L/G); or
 
(b)
if the Electronic Platform is not available, the amount specified in the Utilisation Request delivered by a Borrower to an
Issuing Bank (or, if the amount requested is not denominated in the Base Currency, that amount converted into the Base
Currency at the Spot Rate of Exchange on the date which is three Business Days before the Utilisation Date or, if later,
on the date the relevant Issuing Bank receives the Utilisation Request in accordance with the terms of this Agreement)
 
and as adjusted under Clause 6 (Rebasing) and to reflect any repayment or prepayment of an L/G.
 
"Borrower" means an Original Borrower or an Additional Borrower unless it has ceased to be a Borrower in accordance with
Clause 24 (Changes to the Obligors) and, in respect of an Ancillary Facility only, any Affiliate of a Borrower that becomes a
borrower of that Ancillary
 
3


[Page 21]
 
 
Facility with the approval of the relevant Lender pursuant to Clause 5.8 (Affiliate of a Borrower).
 
"Budget" means the budget for the financial year 2021/2022 plus the 3 (three) year forecast of the Company (each on an annual
consolidated basis) including a balance sheet, profit and loss statement and cash flow calculation (the profit and loss statement
also including a break down on business segments).
 
"Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are open for general business in New York City,
Frankfurt am Main and Luxembourg and in relation to any Utilisation by way of issuance, or any reduction or rebasing or
repayment of an L/G on which banks are open for general business at the place of the Agent and the Facility Office of the Issuing
Bank.
 
"Cash Cover" means the cash collateral for an L/G referred to in Clause 10 (Cash Cover).
 
"Change of Control" means any person or group of persons acting in concert (other than a member of the Xxxxxxxxxxx Family
Group) gains control of the Company and/ or Coperion GmbH ceases to be a wholly-owned (direct or indirect) Subsidiary of the
Company.
 
For the purpose of this definition "control" means: (a) the ownership, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record of the lower
of (i) shares of capital stock having voting rights representing more than 50% of the aggregate outstanding shares of capital stock
of the Company having voting rights or (ii) Equity Interests representing more than 40% of the aggregate ordinary voting power
represented by the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of the Company; or (b) the occupation of a majority of the seats (other
than vacant seats) on the board of directors of the Company by persons who were neither (y) nominated or approved by the board
of directors of the Company nor (z) appointed by directors so nominated or approved; and
 
"a group of persons acting in concert" means two or more persons acting as a partnership, limited partnership, syndicate, or
other group for the purpose of acquiring, holding, or disposing of securities of an issuer or shares of capital stock in a
corporation.
 
"Code" means, at any date, the US Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (or any successor legislation thereto) and the regulations
promulgated and the judicial and administrative decisions rendered under it, all as the same may be in effect at such date.
 
"Collateral" means any and all property of any Domestic Obligor, now existing or hereafter acquired, that is at any time subject
to a security interest or Security in favor of the Security Agent, on behalf of itself and the Secured Parties pursuant to the
Collateral Documents to secure the Secured Obligations, other than the Excluded Assets. For purposes of clarification, any such
property shall constitute “Collateral” only during the Collateral Period.
 
"Collateral Documents" means, collectively, the Security Agreement, and all other agreements, instruments and documents
executed in connection with this Agreement that are intended to create, perfect or evidence Security to secure the Secured
Obligations, including, without limitation, all other security agreements, pledge agreements, pledges, collateral assignments or
similar agreements hereafter executed by any Domestic Obligor and delivered to the Agent.
 
"Collateral Period" means the period from and after the date of a Collateral Springing Event.
 
4


[Page 22]
 
 
"Collateral Springing Event" means the occurrence of the following during the Adjusted Period: both (i) the Corporate Family
Rating from S&P is BB or lower and (ii) the Corporate Family Rating from Xxxxx’x is Ba2 or lower.
 
"Commercial Lifetime" means, in respect of any L/G which does not provide for a specific expiration date, the period from the
date of issuance of that L/G until the expected maturity of that L/G as indicated by the Borrower in the relevant Utilisation
Request determined on the basis of the lifetime of the underlying obligations.
 
"Commitment" means:
 
(a)
in relation to an Original Lender, the amount in the Base Currency set opposite its name under the heading "Commitment
in EUR" in Part 2 of Schedule 1 (The Original Parties) and the amount in the Base Currency of any Commitment
transferred to it under this Agreement or assumed by it in accordance with Clause 2.2 (Increase); and
 
(b)
in relation to any other Lender, the amount in the Base Currency of a Commitment transferred to it under this Agreement
or assumed by it in accordance with Clause 2.2 (Increase) or Clause 2.3 (Allocation of Additional Commitments),
 
in each case, for the avoidance of doubt, as reduced due to any cancellation in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
 
"Compliance Certificate" means a certificate substantially in the form set out in Schedule 9 (Form of Compliance Certificate).
 
"Confidential Information" means all information relating to the Company, any Obligor, the Group and any other Subsidiary or
their respective businesses, the Finance Documents or the Facility of which a Finance Party becomes aware in its capacity as, or
for the purpose of becoming, a Finance Party or which is received by a Finance Party in relation to, or for the purpose of
becoming a Finance Party under, the Finance Documents or the Facility from either:
 
(a)
any member of the Group or any of its advisers on its behalf; or
 
(b)
another Finance Party, if the information was obtained by that Finance Party directly or indirectly from any member of
the Group or any of its advisers on its behalf,
 
in whatever form, and includes information given orally and any document, electronic file or any other way of representing or
recording information which contains or is derived or copied from such information but excludes information that:
 
(i)
is or becomes public information other than as a direct or indirect result of any breach by that Finance Party of
Clause 35 (Confidentiality); or
 
(ii)
is identified in writing at the time of delivery as non-confidential by any member of the Group or any of its
advisers; or
 
(iii)
is known by that Finance Party before the date the information is disclosed to it in accordance with paragraphs
(a) or (b) above or is lawfully obtained by that Finance Party after that date, from a source which is, as far as
that Finance Party is aware, unconnected with the Group and which, in either case, as far as that Finance Party
is aware, has not been obtained in breach of, and is not otherwise subject to, any obligation of confidentiality.
 
5


[Page 23]
 
 
"Confidentiality Undertaking" means a confidentiality undertaking substantially in a recommended form of the LMA as set out
in Schedule 10 (LMA Form of Confidentiality Undertaking) or in any other form agreed between the Company and the Agent.
 
"Consolidated EBITDA" has the meaning given to that term in Clause 20.1 (Financial Definitions).
 
"Consolidated Indebtedness" has the meaning given to that term in Clause 20.1 (Financial Definitions).
 
"Consolidated Revenues" has the meaning given to that term in Clause 20.1 (Financial Definitions).
 
"Consolidated Total Assets" has the meaning given to that term in Clause 20.1 (Financial Definitions).
 
"Contractual Obligation" means, as to any person, any provision of any security issued by such person or of any agreement,
instrument or other undertaking to which such person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound.
 
"Corporate Family Rating" means the public corporate credit rating established for the Company by S&P and the public
corporate family rating established for the Company by Xxxxx’x.
 
"Counter Guarantee" means a guarantee (or similar instrument acceptable to the relevant Issuing Bank) issued by an Acceptable
Bank for the benefit of the Issuing Bank and being either substantially in the form agreed between the Company and each of the
Issuing Banks prior to the date of this Agreement as attached in Schedule 14 (Form of Bank Guarantee) or otherwise in a form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to that Issuing Bank and the Company.
 
"CPS" means the Crown Prosecution Service of the United Kingdom (or any successor or replacement body from time to time).
 
"Criminal Pension Power" means any action taken under, pursuant to or in connection with section 58A, section 58B, section
58C or section 58D of the United Kingdom Pensions Act 2004.
 
"CTA" means the United Kingdom Corporation Tax Act 2009.
 
"Default" means any event or condition which constitutes an Event of Default or which upon notice, lapse of time or both would,
unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default.
 
"Defaulting Lender" means any Lender:
 
(a)
which has failed to issue an L/G or has notified the Agent that it will not issue an L/G in accordance with Clause 5.3
(Issue of L/Gs) or which has failed to pay a claim or has notified the Agent or the Company that it will not pay a claim in
accordance with Clause 7.1 (Claims under an L/G);
 
(b)
which has otherwise rescinded or repudiated a Finance Document;
 
(c)
which has failed, within five Business Days after request by the Agent, acting reasonably, to confirm in writing that it
will comply with its obligations to issue L/Gs under this Agreement provided that such Lender shall cease to be a
Defaulting Lender pursuant to this paragraph (c) upon the Agent receiving such confirmation in form and substance
satisfactory to it; or
 
6


[Page 24]
 
 
(d)
with respect to which an Insolvency Event has occurred and is continuing,
 
unless, in the case of paragraph (a) above:
 
(i)
its failure to pay or so issue L/Gs is caused by:
 
(A)
administrative or technical error; or
 
(B)
a Disruption Event; and
 
payment is made within five Business Days of its due date; or
 
(ii)
the Lender is disputing in good faith whether it is contractually obliged to issue the L/G or make the payment in
question.
 
"Disposal" means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposal (including any sale and leaseback transaction) of any property
or asset by a person, including any sale, assignment (excluding any Security), transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse,
of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith and "dispose" shall be construed accordingly.
 
"Disruption Event" means either or both of:
 
(a)
a material disruption to those payment or communications systems or to those financial markets which are, in each case,
required to operate in order for payments to be made in connection with the Facility (or otherwise in order for the
transactions contemplated by the Finance Documents to be carried out) which disruption is not caused by, and is beyond
the control of, any of the Parties; or
 
(b)
the occurrence of any other event which results in a disruption (of a technical or systems-related nature) to the treasury
or payments operations of a Party preventing that or any other Party:
 
(i)
from performing its payment obligations under the Finance Documents; or
 
(ii)
from communicating with other Parties in accordance with the terms of the Finance Documents,
 
and which (in either such case) is not caused by, and is beyond the control of, the Party whose operations are disrupted.
 
"Domestic Foreign Holdco Subsidiary" means a Subsidiary organised under the laws of any jurisdiction within the United
States (excluding any possession or territory thereof), substantially all of the assets of which consist of the Equity Interests
(including Equity Interests held through entities disregarded from their owner for U.S. Federal income tax purposes) of (and/or
receivables or other amounts due from) one or more Foreign Subsidiaries that are "controlled foreign corporations" within the
meaning of section 957 of the Code, so long as such Domestic Subsidiary (i) does not conduct any business or other activities
other than the ownership of such Equity Interests and/or receivables and (ii) does not incur, and is not otherwise liable for, any
Financial Indebtedness (other than intercompany indebtedness permitted pursuant to paragraph (b)(vii) of Clause 21.14
(Financial Indebtedness)), in each case, other than immaterial assets and activities reasonably related or ancillary thereto.
 
"Domestic Obligor" means the Company and each other Obligor that is a Domestic Subsidiary.
 
7


[Page 25]
 
 
"Domestic Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary organised under the laws of any jurisdiction within the United States (excluding
any possession or territory thereof) other than any Domestic Foreign Holdco Subsidiary.
 
"Effective Date" has the meaning given to such term in the Amendment Agreement.
 
"Electronic Platform" means any internet communication system for the communication, processing and calculations to be
made in connection with the issuance and administration of L/Gs the implementation of which shall be agreed between the
Company and each Issuing Bank, and which may be replaced from time to time provided that the Company and all Issuing Banks
agree to such change, provided, however, that the Parties hereby agree to use a multi-bank internet communication system as
described above at any relevant point in time, unless the Electronic Platform is not available, during the term of this Agreement.
 
"Electronic Platform Agreement" means the Agreement entered into between the Company and an Issuing Bank in relation to
the use of the Electronic Platform, substantially in the form attached hereto as Schedule 13.
 
"Employee Plan" means an employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title
IV or Section 303 of ERISA, or Section 412 of the Code and in respect of which an Obligor or any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such
plan were terminated, would under Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an "employer" as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA.
 
"Environmental Laws" means all laws, rules, regulations, codes, ordinances, or binding orders, decrees, judgments or
injunctions, issued, promulgated or entered into by any Governmental Authority, relating to pollution or protection of the
environment, preservation or reclamation of natural resources, the management, release or threatened release of or governing
exposure to any Hazardous Material.
 
"Environmental Licence" means any permit, license or other approval required at any time under Environmental Laws.
 
"Equity Interests" means shares of capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests in a limited liability company,
beneficial interests in a trust or other equity ownership in a person and any warrants, options or other similar rights entitling the
holder thereof to, purchase or acquire any of the foregoing provided that "Equity Interests" shall not include Financial
Indebtedness that is convertible into Equity Interests.
 
"ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time.
 
"ERISA Affiliate" means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with the Company, is treated as a
single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code or, solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the
Code, is treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code.
 
"ERISA Event" means:
 
(a)
any "reportable event", as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder with respect to an
Employee Plan (other than an event for which any notice period is waived);
 
(b)
the failure to satisfy the "minimum funding standard" (as defined in Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA),
whether or not waived;
 
8


[Page 26]
 
 
(c)
the filing pursuant to Section 412(c) of the Code or Section 302(c) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the
minimum funding standard with respect to any Employee Plan;
 
(d)
the incurrence by the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to
the termination of any Employee Plan;
 
(e)
the receipt by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any written notice relating
to an intention to terminate any Employee Plan or Employee Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer any Employee
Plan;
 
(f)
the incurrence by the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial
withdrawal of the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates from any Employee Plan or Multiemployer Plan; or
 
(g)
the receipt by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate of any written notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from
the Company or any ERISA Affiliate of any written notice, concerning the imposition upon the Company or any of its
ERISA Affiliates of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent
or in critical or endangered status, within the meaning of ERISA.
 
"Event of Default" means any event or circumstance specified as such in Clause 22 (Events of Default).
 
"Excluded Accounts" means (i) Payroll Accounts, (ii) deposit accounts consisting of withheld income, employment or other
taxes in such amounts as are required in the reasonable judgment of the Company to be paid to the IRS or other Governmental
Authority, (iii) deposit accounts consisting of amounts required to be paid over to an employee benefit plan on behalf of or for the
benefit of employees of one or more Obligors or their Subsidiaries and (iv) deposit accounts that hold funds not owned by any
Obligor or funds being held in trust or in escrow for the benefit of or on behalf of a Person that is not an Obligor, (v) zero-balance
disbursement accounts (that are not collection accounts) and (vi) other deposit accounts with an aggregate amount on deposit
therein of not more than $10,000,000 at any one time for all Obligors (provided that the amount on deposit in any individual
deposit account for such deposit account to constitute “Excluded Accounts” pursuant to the foregoing de minimis threshold must
be less than $2,500,000 at all times).
 
"Excluded Assets" means, collectively: (i) any fee-owned real property and all leasehold interests and similar rights in real
property such as occupancy agreements and licenses, (ii) any “intent-to-use” application for registration of a trademark filed
pursuant to Section 1(b) of the Xxxxxx Act, 15 U.S.C. § 1051, prior to the filing and acceptance of a “Statement of Use” pursuant
to Section 1(d) of the Xxxxxx Act or an “Amendment to Allege Use” pursuant to Section 1(c) of the Xxxxxx Act with respect
thereto, solely to the extent, if any, that and solely during the period, if any, in which, the grant of a security interest therein would
impair the validity or enforceability of such application or any registration that issues from such intent to use application under
applicable federal law, (iii) assets in respect of which pledges and security interests are prohibited by applicable law, rule or
regulation or agreements with any governmental authority (other than to the extent that such prohibition would be rendered
ineffective pursuant to Sections 9-406, 9-407, 9-408, 9-409 or other applicable provisions of the UCC of any relevant jurisdiction
or any other applicable law); provided that, immediately upon the ineffectiveness, lapse or termination of any such prohibitions,
such assets shall automatically cease to constitute Excluded Assets, (iv) governmental licenses or state or local franchises,
charters and authorizations and any other property and assets to the extent that the grant of security interests therein are
prohibited or restricted thereby or under applicable laws (including, without limitation, rules and regulations of any governmental
authority or agency) or the pledge or creation of a security interest in which would require governmental consent,
 
9


[Page 27]
 
 
approval, license or authorization not obtained, other than to the extent such prohibition or limitation is rendered ineffective
under the UCC or other applicable law notwithstanding such prohibition and other than proceeds and receivables thereof, the
assignment of which is not prohibited under the UCC or other applicable law notwithstanding such prohibition, (v) Equity
Interests in any entity other than wholly-owned Subsidiaries to the extent the pledge of which is not permitted by the terms of
such entity’s organizational or joint venture documents (unless any such restriction (A) would be rendered ineffective pursuant to
Sections 9-406, 9-407, 9-408, 9-409 or other applicable provisions of the UCC of any relevant jurisdiction or any other applicable
law or (B) is implemented for the purpose of causing such Equity Interests to constitute Excluded Assets), (vi) aircraft, railroad
rolling stock, motor vehicles and other assets subject to certificates of title; letter of credit rights (except to the extent constituting
a supporting obligation for other Collateral as to which perfection of the security interest in such other Collateral may be
accomplished by the filing of a UCC financing statement); and commercial tort claims with a value, in the case of commercial
tort claims, of less than $35,000,000, (vii) any lease, license or other agreement or any property subject to a purchase money
security interest or other arrangement to the extent that a grant of a security interest therein would violate or invalidate such lease,
license or agreement or purchase money arrangement or any other arrangement or create a right of termination in favor of any
other party thereto (other than the Company or a Guarantor) (other than (x) to the extent that any such term has been waived or
(y) to the extent that any such term would be rendered ineffective pursuant to Sections 9-406, 9-407, 9-408, 9-409 or other
applicable provisions of the UCC of any relevant jurisdiction or any other applicable law); provided that, immediately upon the
ineffectiveness, lapse or termination of any such term, such assets shall automatically cease to constitute Excluded Assets,
(viii) Excluded Accounts, (ix) foreign assets (other than pledges of 65% of the voting Equity Interests and 100% of the non-
voting Equity Interests in any First Tier Foreign Subsidiary which is a Material Foreign Subsidiary as contemplated by this
Agreement) and assets of any Foreign Subsidiary, (x) Equity Interests in Excluded Subsidiaries and Foreign Subsidiaries (other
than pledges of 65% of the voting Equity Interests and 100% of the non-voting Equity Interests in any First Tier Foreign
Subsidiary which is a Material Foreign Subsidiary as contemplated by this Agreement), (xi) Margin Stock, (xii) Specified
Principal Property, (xiii) Equity Interests in any Subsidiary that owns a Specified Principal Property, (xiv) any asset subject to a
Security permitted by paragraphs (b)(v), (b)(vi), (b)(viii), (b)(xx), (b)(xxii) or (b)(xxviii) of Clause 21.3 (Negative Pledge), in
each case, for so long as the contract or other agreement or arrangement pursuant to which such Security is granted or created
prohibits the creation of any other Security on such property, and (xv) those assets as to which the Agent and the Company
reasonably agree that the cost or other consequences of obtaining such a security interest or perfection thereof are likely to be
excessive in relation to the benefit to the Lenders of the security to be afforded thereby; provided that, other than any proceeds,
products, substitutions or replacements of any Excluded Assets described in clause (xiv) above, “Excluded Assets” shall not
include any proceeds, products, substitutions or replacements of Excluded Assets (unless such proceeds, products, substitutions
or replacements would otherwise constitute Excluded Assets).
 
"Excluded Subsidiary" means:
 
(a)
any Domestic Foreign Holdco Subsidiary; and
 
(b)
any Domestic Subsidiary of the Company, so long as:
 
(i)
its acting as a Guarantor under this Agreement would violate any law, rule or regulation applicable to such
Domestic Subsidiary or would be prohibited by any contractual restriction or obligation applicable to such
Domestic Subsidiary; and
 
10


[Page 28]
 
 
(ii)
the Agent shall have received a certificate of a Financial Officer of the Company to the effect that, based on
advice of outside counsel, such Domestic Subsidiary acting as a Guarantor under this Agreement would cause
such a violation or would be so prohibited as described in the foregoing paragraph (i).
 
"Existing Bilateral Agreement" means the existing bilateral guarantee agreement (Rahmenavalkreditvertrag) originally dated
11/26 September 2018 (as amended from time to time) entered into by Coperion GmbH as borrower and DZ Bank AG Deutsche
Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt am Main as lender.
 
"Existing L/G" means any standby, commercial or trade letter of credit (Akkreditive), surety (Bürgschaft) or guarantee (Garantie)
excluding any surety or guarantee serving as collateral for any credit obligations (Kreditbesicherungsavale) issued under the
Existing Syndicated L/G Facility Agreement and under the Existing Bilateral Agreement at the request of a Borrower or an
Affiliate of a Borrower by a Lender as listed in Schedule 16 (List of Existing L/Gs).
 
"Existing Syndicated L/G Facility Agreement" means the EUR 175,000,000 syndicated L/G facility agreement originally dated
8 March 2018 (as amended or amended and restated on 4 September 2019, 10 January 2020, 19 May 2020 and 5
November 2020) originally among, inter alios, Xxxxxxxxxxx, Inc. as the Company (as defined therein), the borrowers from time
to time party thereto and guarantors from time to time party thereto, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft as mandated lead arranger
and bookrunner, the lenders and issuing banks from time to time party thereto and Commerzbank Finance & Covered Xxxx X.X.
as Agent of the other Finance Parties (each as defined therein) as amended from time to time.
 
"Existing US Facility Agreement" means that certain fourth amended and restated credit agreement, dated as of 8 June 2022,
among the Company, the borrowers from time to time party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (the
"Administrative Agent"), and the lenders from time to time party thereto (as amended from time to time).
 
"Face Amount" means the principal face amount of an L/G in the Base Currency or, as the case may be, any Optional Currency
in which such L/G has been issued, such amount representing the maximum liability of the Issuing Bank under such L/G.
 
"Facility" means the letter of credit facility made available under this Agreement as described in Clause 2.1 (The Facility).
 
"Facility Office" means the office or offices notified by a Lender to the Agent in writing on or before the date it becomes a
Lender (or, following that date, by not less than five Business Days' written notice) as the office or offices through which it will
perform its obligations under this Agreement.
 
"FATCA" means:
 
(a)
sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code or any associated regulations;
 
(b)
any treaty, law or regulation of any other jurisdiction, or relating to an intergovernmental agreement between the US and
any other jurisdiction, which (in either case) facilitates the implementation of any law or regulation referred to in
paragraph (a) above; or
 
(c)
any agreement pursuant to the implementation of any treaty, law or regulation referred to in paragraphs (a) or (b) above
with the US Internal Revenue Service, the US government or any governmental or taxation authority in any other
jurisdiction.
 
11


[Page 29]
 
 
"FATCA Application Date" means:
 
(a)
in relation to a "withholdable payment" described in section 1473(1)(A)(i) of the Code (which relates to payments of
interest and certain other payments from sources within the US), 1 July 2014; or
 
(b)
in relation to a "passthru payment" described in section 1471(d)(7) of the Code not falling within paragraph (a) above,
the first date from which such payment may become subject to a deduction or withholding required by FATCA.
 
"FATCA Deduction" means a deduction or withholding from a payment under a Finance Document required by FATCA.
 
"FATCA Exempt Party" means a Party that is entitled to receive payments free from any FATCA Deduction.
 
"Finance Document" means this Agreement, the Amendment Agreement, the Mandate Letter, the Agency Fee Letter, any
Accession Letter, the Collateral Documents, the Pari Passu Intercreditor Agreement, any Increase Confirmation, any Compliance
Certificate, any Utilisation Request, any Cash Cover Security Document, and any other document designated as such by the
Agent and the Company.
 
"Finance Party" means the Agent, the Security Agent, the Arranger or a Lender.
 
"Financial Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness as defined in Clause 20.1 (Financial Definitions) of this Agreement.
 
"Financial Officer" means the chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer, assistant treasurer or controller of
the Company.
 
"Financial Quarter" means each period of three months ending on 31 March, 30 June, 30 September or 31 December.
 
"Financial Year" means the financial year of the Company ending on 30 September as at the date of this Agreement; provided
that the Company may change the financial year to end on 31 December with prior notice to the Agent but without consent of
Agent or any Lender.
 
"First Tier Foreign Subsidiary" means each Foreign Subsidiary with respect to which any one or more of the Domestic
Obligors directly owns more than 50% of such Foreign Subsidiary’s issued and outstanding Equity Interests.
 
"Foreign Lender" means (a) if the applicable Borrower is a U.S. Person, a Lender, with respect to such Borrower, that is not a
U.S. Person, and (b) if the applicable Borrower is not a U.S. Person, a Lender, with respect to such Borrower, that is resident or
organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which such Borrower is resident for tax purposes.
 
"Foreign Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary which is not a Domestic Subsidiary.
 
"Governmental Authority" means any government of any nation or political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, the
Pensions Regulator, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising
executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government.
 
"Group" means the Company and its Subsidiaries from time to time.
 
"Group Company" means any member of the Group.
 
12


[Page 30]
 
 
"Group Structure Chart" means the group structure chart in the agreed form.
 
"Guarantor" means an Original Guarantor or an Additional Guarantor, unless any such entity has ceased to be a Guarantor in
accordance with Clause 24 (Changes to the Obligors).
 
"Guidelines" means, together, the guidelines S-02.123 in relation to inter bank transactions of 22 September 1986 as issued by
the Swiss Federal Tax Administration (Merkblatt S-02.123 vom 22 September 1986 betreffend Zinsen von Bankguthaben, xxxxx
Xxxxxxxxx Xxxxxx sind (Interbankguthaben)), S-02.130.1 in relation to money market instruments and book claims of April 1999
(Merkblatt S-02.130.1 vom April 1999 "Geldmarktpapiere und Buchforderungen inländischer Schuldner"), the circular letter
No. 15 (1-015-DVS-2017) of 3 October 2017 in relation to bonds and derivative financial instruments as subject matter of
taxation of Swiss federal income tax, Swiss withholding tax and Swiss stamp taxes (Kreisschreiben Nr. 15 "Obligationen und
derivative Finanzinstrumente als Gegenstand der direkten Bundessteuer, der Verrechnungssteuer sowie der Stempelabgaben"
vom 3. Oktober 2017), the circular letter No. 34 of 26 July 2011 (1-034-V-2011) in relation to customer credit balances
(Kreisschreiben Nr. 34 "Kundenguthaben" vom 26. Juli 2011), the circular letter No. 46 of 24 July 2019 in relation to syndicated
credit facilities (Kreisschreiben Nr. 46 "Steuerliche Behandlung von Konsortialdarlehen, Schuldscheindarlehen, Wechseln und
Unterbeteiligungen" vom 24. Juli 2019) and the circular letter No. 47 of 25 July 2019 in relation to bonds (Kreisschreiben Nr. 47
"Obligationen" vom 25. Juli 2019) as issued, and as amended or replaced from time to time by the Swiss Federal Tax
Administration, or as applied in accordance with a tax ruling (if any) issued by the Swiss Federal Tax Administration, or as
substituted or superseded and overruled by any law, statute, ordinance, regulation, court decision or the like as in force from time
to time.
 
"Hazardous Materials" means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or
other pollutants and contaminants listed, defined, designated, regulated or classified under applicable Environmental Laws as
hazardous, toxic, radioactive, dangerous, a pollutant, a contaminant, petroleum, oil or words of similar meaning or effect,
including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas,
infectious or medical wastes.
 
"Xxxxxxxxxxx Family Group" means the descendants of Xxxx X. Xxxxxxxxxxx in the direct line (direkte Nachkommen) and
members of such descendants' families (i.e. spouses and registered partners) and trusts for the benefit of such natural persons.
 
"Holding Company" means, in relation to a person, any other person in respect of which it is a Subsidiary.
 
"Impaired Agent" means the Agent at any time when:
 
(a)
it has failed to make (or has notified a Party that it will not make) a payment required to be made by it under the Finance
Documents by the due date for payment;
 
(b)
it otherwise rescinds or repudiates a Finance Document;
 
(c)
(if the Agent is also a Lender) it is a Defaulting Lender under paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of "Defaulting
Lender"; or
 
(d)
an Insolvency Event has occurred and is continuing with respect to the Agent;
 
unless, in the case of paragraph (a) above:
 
(i)
its failure to pay is caused by:
 
13


[Page 31]
 
 
(A)
administrative or technical error; or
 
(B)
a Disruption Event; and
 
payment is made within five (5) Business Days of its due date; or
 
(ii)
the Agent is disputing in good faith whether it is contractually obliged to make the payment in question.
 
"Increase Confirmation" means a confirmation substantially in the form set out in Schedule 5 (Form of Increase Confirmation).
 
"Increase Lender" has the meaning given to that term in Clause 2.2 (Increase).
 
"Increase Period" means the period beginning on the date falling six Months after the date of this Agreement and ending on the
date falling six Months prior to the Termination Date provided that if only one or more of the Original Lenders participate in an
increase, such period shall begin on the date of this Agreement in respect of such increase.
 
"Ineligible Institution" means (a) a natural person, (b) a Defaulting Lender or its Holding Company, (c) the Company, any of its
Subsidiaries or any of its Affiliates, or (d) a company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary
benefit of, a natural person or relative(s) thereof.
 
"Insolvency Event" in relation to a Finance Party means that Finance Party:
 
(a)
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger);
 
(b)
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing its inability generally to pay its debts as they
become due;
 
(c)
makes a general assignment, arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors;
 
(d)
institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency,
rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of
its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief (including a
moratorium) under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is
presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official;
 
(e)
has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for a moratorium,
its winding-up or liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such
proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in paragraph (d) above and:
 
(i)
results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for
its winding-up or liquidation; or
 
(ii)
is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within thirty (30) days of the institution or
presentation thereof;
 
14


[Page 32]
 
 
(f)
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee,
custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; and/or
 
(g)
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous
effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (a) to (f) above.
 
"Issuing Bank" means each Lender.
 
"ITA" means the United Kingdom Income Tax Act 2007.
 
"Legal Reservations" means:
 
(a)
the principle that equitable remedies may be granted or refused at the discretion of a court and the limitation of
enforcement by laws relating to insolvency, reorganisation and other laws generally affecting the rights of creditors;
 
(b)
the time barring of claims, the possibility that an undertaking to assume liability for or indemnify a person against non-
payment of United Kingdom stamp duty may be void and defences of set-off or counterclaim;
 
(c)
similar principles, rights and defences under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction; and
 
(d)
any other matters which are set out as qualifications or reservations as to matters of law of general application in any
legal opinion delivered to the Agent under Clause 4.1 (Initial conditions precedent) or Clause 24 (Changes to the
Obligors).
 
"Lender" means:
 
(a)
any Original Lender; and
 
(b)
any bank, financial institution, trust, fund or other entity which has become a Lender in accordance with Clause 2.2
(Increase) or Clause 23 (Changes to the Lenders),
 
which in each case has not ceased to be a Party in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
 
"Leverage Ratio" has the meaning given to that term in Clause 20.1 (Financial Definitions).
 
"L/G" means a standby, commercial or trade letter of credit (Akkreditive), surety (Bürgschaft) or guarantee (Garantie) but
excludes any surety or guarantee serving as collateral for any credit obligations (Kreditbesicherungsavale) which is:
 
(a)
in a form agreed by the relevant Issuing Bank; or
 
(b)
an Existing L/G,
 
and which in each case satisfies the L/G Approved Criteria and is issued for any of the purposes set out in Clause 3.1 (Purpose).
 
"L/G Approved Criteria" means the following:
 
(a)
it is not unlawful or illegal in any jurisdiction for the relevant Issuing Bank to issue the L/G;
 
(b)
the principal amount payable under the L/G is specified in that L/G;
 
15


[Page 33]
 
 
(c)
the currency of the amount payable is specified in the L/G and specified at the time of issuance;
 
(d)
the beneficiary as specified in that L/G is reasonably acceptable to the Issuing Bank;
 
(e)
pursuant to the terms of the L/G the relevant Issuing Bank deals in documents only and the relevant Issuing Bank is
authorised to pay any claim made or purported to be made under that L/G which appears on its face to be in order;
 
(f)
the L/G contains a provision stating when the obligation of an Issuing Bank under the L/G shall terminate (e. g. specific
expiration date, return of L/G deed, release letter) or may be cancelled or not renewed by an Issuing Bank in accordance
with its terms;
 
(g)
the L/G specifies its effective date or is stated to be effective on issuance;
 
(h)
the L/G is subject to International Standby Practices 1998 (International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 590, or
any subsequent revision thereof) or the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits of the International
Chamber of Commerce (International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 600, 2007 revision, or any subsequent
revision thereof) or the terms are otherwise satisfactory to the relevant Issuing Bank;
 
(i)
the L/G is governed by the laws of Germany or the laws of any other jurisdiction reasonably satisfactory to the relevant
Issuing Bank;
 
(j)
the terms of the L/G must contain a narrative reference to what has been reported to the Issuing Bank about the
underlying transaction but must not contain any confirmation with regard to facts of the underlying contract;
 
(k)
the terms of the L/G must contain a purpose clause which shall be described in sufficient detail to cover a Borrower's
obligations arising from the underlying transaction;
 
(l)
the payment obligation of the Issuing Bank must be worded as an irrevocable obligation to pay a specific maximum
amount of money and not for specific performance of the underlying contract;
 
(m)
the payment obligation of the Issuing Bank shall be conditional upon presentation of a demand for payment with or, as
the case may be, without simultaneous presentation of other documents. The terms of the L/G shall provide that receipt
of a formally valid demand for payment has to be made to the Issuing Bank by the expiry date at the latest and confirm
that thereafter no further demand shall be honoured; and
 
(n)
the issuance of the L/G does not conflict or provide for inconsistency with (x) applicable laws, regulations, rules,
directions and rulings, (y) any relevant decisions and rulings of any Governmental Authority and (z) any internal rules or
guidelines of the Issuing Bank.
 
"L/G Fee Rate" means 0.80 per cent. per annum applicable from the Effective Date until the date the Compliance Certificate for
the Relevant Period ending 30 June 2023 has been delivered and thereafter if:
 
(a)
no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; and
 
(b)
the Leverage Ratio in respect of the most recently completed Relevant Period is within a range set out below,
 
16


[Page 34]
Level
  Leverage Ratio
 L/G Fee Rate (in % p.a.) 
8
  Greater than or equal to 4.0:1
 1.90
 
7
  Greater than or equal to 3.5:1 but less than 4.0:1
 1.55
 
6
  Greater than or equal to 3.0:1 but less than 3.5:1
 1.10
 
5
  Greater than or equal to 2.5:1 but less than 3.0:1
 0.95
 
4
  Greater than or equal to 2.0:1 but less than 2.5:1
 0.80
 
3
  Greater than or equal to 1.5:1 but less than 2.0:1
 0.70
 
2
  Greater than or equal to 1.0:1 but less than 1.5:1
 0.65
 
1
  Less than 1.0:1
 0.55
 
 
 
then the L/G Fee Rate for each L/G will be the percentage per annum set out below in the column opposite that range:
 
 
However:
 
(i)
any increase or decrease in the L/G Fee Rate shall take effect on the date (the "reset date") which is the fifth
Business Day following receipt by the Agent of the Compliance Certificate for a Relevant Period pursuant to
Clause 19.2 (Compliance Certificate); and
 
(ii)
while an Event of Default is continuing or a Compliance Certificate has not been delivered on its due date and
remains undelivered, the L/G Fee Rate shall be the highest percentage per annum set out above.
 
"Liquidity Amount" means, as of any date of determination, the lesser of (i) the sum of (a) 100% of the unrestricted and
unencumbered cash and cash equivalents maintained by the Company and its Domestic Subsidiaries as of such date, plus (b) 70%
of the unrestricted and unencumbered cash and cash equivalents maintained by the Company and its Subsidiaries in notional
pooling structures outside of the United States and by its Foreign Subsidiaries as of such date and (ii) USD 500,000,000;
provided however, that amounts calculated under this definition shall exclude any amounts that would not be considered “cash”
or “cash equivalents” as recorded on the books of the Company or the applicable Subsidiary.
 
"LMA" means the Loan Market Association.
 
"Majority Lenders" means a Lender or Lenders whose Commitments aggregate more than 66 2/3 per cent. of the Total
Commitments (or, if the Total Commitments have been reduced to zero, aggregated more than 66 2/3 per cent. of the Total
Commitments immediately prior to the reduction).
 
"Mandate Letter" means the letter dated 16 May 2022 between the Arranger and the Company.
 
"Margin Stock" has the meaning assigned to such term in Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
System of the United States of America.
 
"Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on:
 
(a)
the business, operations or financial condition of the Group taken as a whole;
 
(b)
the ability of the Obligors to perform their payment obligations under the Finance Documents; and/or
 
(c)
the material rights or remedies of the Agent and the Lenders under the Finance Documents.
 
17


[Page 35]
 
 
"Material Domestic Subsidiary" means, as of any date of determination, each Domestic Subsidiary:
 
(a)
whose revenues for a Relevant Period constitute five per cent. (5%) or more of the Consolidated Revenues for that
Relevant Period; and/or
 
(b)
whose total assets at a time constitute five per cent. or more of the Consolidated Total Assets at that time,
 
in each case as of the last day of the immediately preceding Financial Year of the Company for which annual financial statements
of the Company are available. Compliance with the conditions set out above shall be determined by reference to the annual
audited consolidated financial statements of the Company.
 
"Material Foreign Subsidiary" means a Foreign Subsidiary that is a Material Subsidiary.
 
"Material Indebtedness" means, as of any date, Financial Indebtedness (other than Financial Indebtedness arising under this
Agreement), or the net obligations in respect of one or more Swap Agreements, of any one or more of the Company and any
other member of the Group in an aggregate principal amount exceeding USD 75,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency
or currencies) as of such date. For purposes of determining Material Indebtedness, the "principal amount" of the net obligations
of the Company or any member of the Group in respect of any Swap Agreement at any time shall be deemed to be the Swap
Termination Value thereof as of such date.
 
"Material Subsidiary" means, as of any date of determination, a member of the Group (other than the Company):
 
(a)
whose revenues for a Relevant Period constitute five per cent. (5%) or more of the Consolidated Revenues for that
Relevant Period; and/or
 
(b)
whose total assets at a time constitute five per cent. or more of the Consolidated Total Assets at that time,
 
in each case as of the last day of the immediately preceding Financial Year of the Company for which annual financial statements
of the Company are available. Compliance with the conditions set out above shall be determined by reference to the annual
audited consolidated financial statements of the Company.
 
A list of the initial Material Subsidiaries is set out in Schedule 14 (List of initial Material Subsidiaries).
 
"Maturity Date" means the last day of the Term of an L/G.
 
"Milacron Pension Scheme" means the existing pension scheme for which Milacron UK Ltd. (a registered company in England
with number 04444980) is an employer (for the purposes of sections 38 to 51 of the United Kingdom Pensions Act 2004).
 
"Month" means a period starting on one day in a calendar month and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the next
calendar month, except that:
 
(a)
if the numerically corresponding day is not a Business Day, that period shall end on the next Business Day in that
calendar month in which that period is to end if there is one, or if there is not, on the immediately preceding Business
Day; and
 
(b)
if there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which that period is to end, that period shall end on
the last Business Day in that calendar month.
 
18


[Page 36]
 
 
The above rules will only apply to the last Month of any period. "Monthly" shall be construed accordingly.
 
"Xxxxx’x" means Xxxxx’x Investors Service, Inc.
 
"Multiemployer Plan" means a "multiemployer plan" as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which the Company or any
of its ERISA Affiliates is contributing or has any obligation to contribute.
 
"New Lender" has the meaning given to that term in Clause 23 (Changes to the Lenders).
 
"Obligor" means a Borrower or a Guarantor.
 
"Optional Currency" means a currency (other than the Base Currency) which complies with the conditions set out in Clause 4.3
(Conditions relating to Optional Currencies).
 
"Original Facility Agreement" refers to this Agreement prior to the Effective Date.
 
"Original Financial Statements" means:
 
(a)
in relation to the Company, its audited consolidated financial statements for the Financial Year ended 30
September 2021; and
 
(b)
in relation to each other Borrower, its audited financial statements for its financial year ended 30 September 2021.
 
"Original Obligor" means an Original Borrower or an Original Guarantor.
 
"Pari Passu Intercreditor Agreement" means an intercreditor agreement, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the
Agent and (if appointed) the Security Agent, to be entered into after a Collateral Springing Event and to be by and among the
Agent, (if appointed) the Security Agent, the Administrative Agent, the Company and the other Domestic Obligors and other
parties from time to time party thereto.
 
"Participating Member State" means any member state of the European Union that has the euro as its lawful currency in
accordance with legislation of the European Union relating to Economic and Monetary Union.
 
"Party" means a party to this Agreement.
 
"Payroll Account" means any deposit account of a Domestic Obligor that is used by such Domestic Obligor solely for payroll,
payroll taxes and other employee wage benefit payments to or for the benefit of the employees of such Domestic Obligor.
 
"PBGC" means the U.S. Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA and any successor entity
performing similar functions.
 
"Pensions Regulator" means the body corporate established under section 1 of the United Kingdom Pensions Act 2004 (or any
replacement or successor body from time to time).
 
"Pledge Subsidiary" means (i) each Domestic Subsidiary and (ii) each First Tier Foreign Subsidiary which is a Material Foreign
Subsidiary.
 
"Qualifying Lender" has the meaning given to it in Clause 12 (Tax gross-up and indemnities).
 
"Quarter Date" has the meaning given to it in Clause 20.1 (Financial Definitions).
 
19


[Page 37]
 
 
"Regulations T, U and X" means, respectively, Regulations T, U and X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
System of the United States (or any successor) as now and from time to time in effect from the date of this Agreement.
 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means any applicable central bank, regulator or other supervisory authority or a group of them, or
any working group or committee sponsored or chaired by, or constituted at the request of, any of them or the Financial Stability
Board.
 
"Relevant Period" has the meaning given to that term in Clause 20.1 (Financial Definitions).
 
"Related Fund" in relation to a fund (the "first fund"), means a fund which is managed or advised by the same investment
manager or investment adviser as the first fund or, if it is managed by a different investment manager or investment adviser, a
fund whose investment manager or investment adviser is an Affiliate of the investment manager or investment adviser of the first
fund.
 
"Repeated Representations" means each of the representations set out in Clause 18 (Representations) other than Clauses 18.7
(Deduction of Tax), 18.10 (No default), 18.12 (No misleading Information), 18.13 (Financial statements), 18.16 (Environmental
laws and licences) and 18.17 (Good title to assets).
 
"Representative" means any delegate, agent, manager, administrator, nominee, attorney, trustee or custodian.
 
"Resignation Letter" means a letter substantially in the form set out in Schedule 8 (Form of Resignation Letter).
 
"Responsible Officer" means the chief executive officer, president, Financial Officer or any other person designated by any such
person in writing to the Agent and reasonably acceptable to the Agent.
 
"Restricted Payment" means any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to
any Equity Interests in any member of the Group or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property) on account of the
purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such Equity Interests in any member of the
Group or any option, warrant or other right to acquire such Equity Interests in any member of the Group.
 
"S&P" means Standard & Poor’s Rating Services, a Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC business.
 
"Sanctioned Country" means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is itself the subject or target of any
comprehensive Sanctions (as of the Effective Date, including but not limited to, the so-called Donetsk People’s Republic, the so-
called Luhansk People’s Republic, the Crimea, Zaporizhzhia and Kherson Regions of Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan,
South-Sudan and Syria).
 
"Sanctioned Person" means, at any time, (a) any person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated persons maintained by,
or public announcement of Sanctions designation made by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the
Treasury (OFAC), the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union including its member
states, His Majesty’s Treasury of the United Kingdom or the Swiss Confederation and its State Secretariat for Economic Affairs
SECO and/or its Directorate of International Law or any other respective governmental institution and agency of any of the
foregoing each as amended, supplemented or substituted from time to time, (b) any person located, organized or
 
20


[Page 38]
 
 
resident in a Sanctioned Country or (c) any person owned 50% or more or controlled by any such person or persons described in
the foregoing clauses (a) or (b).
 
"Sanctions" means any international economic sanctions imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S.
government, including those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury
(OFAC) or the U.S. Department of State, (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union including its member
states or His Majesty’s Treasury of the United Kingdom or (c) the Swiss Confederation and administered by its State Secretariat
for Economic Affairs SECO and/or Directorate of International Law or any other respective governmental institution and agency
of any of the foregoing.
 
"Xxxxxxx" means, collectively, Xxxxxxx Process Holding North America, Inc., a corporation incorporated under the laws of
Delaware, and Xxxxx Xxxxxxx Holdings Limited, a private limited company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales.
 
"Xxxxxxx Acquisition" means the acquisition of all of the outstanding equity interests of Xxxxxxx by Milacron LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company ("Milacron"), pursuant to the share purchase agreement, dated as of May 23, 2023 (together
with all exhibits, schedules and disclosure letters thereto), by and between Xxxxxxx Process Holding GmbH as seller, Milacron
as purchaser and Xxxxxxx.
 
"SEC" means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any successor thereto.
 
"Secured Obligations" means all present and future liabilities and obligations owing or incurred by any member of the Group
and by each Obligor to any Secured Party under the Finance Documents (as amended from time to time), both actual and
contingent and whether incurred solely or jointly and as principal or surety or in any other capacity.
 
"Secured Parties" means the Security Agent, the Agent or a Lender.
 
"Security Agent" means the security agent appointed by the Finance Parties after the date of a Collateral Springing Event.
 
"Security Agreement" means a pledge and security agreement (including any and all supplements thereto), in form and
substance reasonably acceptable to the Lenders, between the Domestic Obligor and the Security Agent, for the benefit of the
Security Agent and/or the other Secured Parties, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified
from time to time.
 
"Security" means a mortgage, land charge, charge, pledge, lien, assignment or transfer for security purposes, retention of title
arrangement or other security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a
similar effect.
 
"Specified Time" means a time determined in accordance with Schedule 11 (Timetables).
 
"Specified Principal Property" means all "Principal Property" as defined in the indenture, dated as of July 9, 2010, between the
Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, as supplemented by Supplemental Indenture No. 3, dated as of
September 25, 2019, among the Company, certain of the Subsidiaries as guarantors and U.S. Bank National Association, as
trustee, as further supplemented by Supplemental Indenture No. 4, dated as of June 16, 2020, among the Company, certain of the
Subsidiaries as guarantors and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee and as further supplemented by Supplemental
Indenture No. 7, dated as of March 3, 2021, among the Company, certain of the Subsidiaries as guarantors and U.S. Bank
National Association, as trustee. As used herein, “Principal Property” is defined in such
 
21


[Page 39]
 
 
indentures as of the Effective Date and without giving effect to any subsequent amendment, supplement or other modification of
any such definition or any such indenture.
 
"Spot Rate of Exchange" means the exchange rate between Euro and an alternative currency which is displayed on the European
Central 
Bank 
Website 
at
xxxxx://xxx.xxx.xxxxxx.xx/xxxxx/xxxxxx_xxx_xxxxxxxx_xxxxx/xxxx_xxxxxxxxx_xxxxxxxx_xxxxx/xxxx/xxxxx.xx.xxxx (or,
the rate displayed on the appropriate page of such other information service which publishes the rate from time to time) or, if the
respective alternative currency is not listed there, the current selling rate determined in the over-the-counter market (purchase
Euro, sale alternative currency).
 
"Subsidiary" means:
 
(a)
in relation to any company or corporation incorporated in Germany, another company which is a subsidiary
(Tochterunternehmen) of the first one within the meaning of §§271(2), 290 of the German Commercial Code
(Handelsgesetzbuch); and
 
(b)
in relation to any company incorporated in any other jurisdiction, any entity from time to time of which another person
has direct or indirect control and for this purpose, a company or corporation shall be treated as being controlled by
another if that other company or corporation beneficially owns a majority of the equity securities or other ownership
interests have ordinary voting rights of it (whether directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries).
 
"Swap Agreement" means any agreement with respect to any swap, forward, future or derivative transaction or option or similar
agreement involving, or settled by reference to, one or more rates, currencies, commodities, equity or debt instruments or
securities, or economic, financial or pricing indices or measures of economic, financial or pricing risk or value or any similar
transaction or any combination of these transactions; provided that no phantom stock or similar plan providing for payments
only on account of services provided by current or former directors, officers, employees or consultants of the Company or any
other member of the Group shall be a Swap Agreement.
 
"Swap Termination Value" means, in respect of any one or more Swap Agreements, after taking into account the effect of any
legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Swap Agreements, (a) for any date on or after the date such Swap
Agreements have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and
(b) for any date prior to the date referenced in subsection (a), the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such
Swap Agreements, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any
recognized dealer in such Swap Agreements (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender).
 
"Swiss Borrower" means a Borrower incorporated in Switzerland and/or having its registered office in Switzerland and/or
qualifying as a Swiss resident pursuant to Art. 9 of the Swiss Federal Withholding Tax Act.
 
"Swiss Federal Withholding Tax" means the Tax levied pursuant to the Swiss Federal Withholding Tax Act.
 
"Swiss Federal Withholding Tax Act" means the Swiss Federal Withholding Tax Act (Bundesgesetz über die
Verrechnungssteuer vom 13 Oktober 1965); together with the related ordinances, regulations and guidelines, all as amended and
applicable from time to time.
 
"Swiss Non-Bank Rules" means the Swiss Ten Non-Qualifying Bank Creditor Rule and the Swiss Twenty Non-Qualifying Bank
Creditor Rule.
 
22


[Page 40]
 
 
"Swiss Qualifying Bank" means a person or entity (including any commercial bank or financial institution (irrespective of its
jurisdiction of organisation)) acting on its own account which has a banking licence in force and effect issued in accordance with
the banking laws in its jurisdiction of incorporation, or if acting through a branch, issued in accordance with the banking laws in
the jurisdiction of such branch, and which, in both cases, effectively exercises as its main purpose a true banking activity, having
bank personnel, premises, communication devices of its own and authority of decision making all in accordance and as defined in
the Guidelines or in the legislation and explanatory notes addressing the same issues which are in force at such time.
 
"Swiss Ten Non-Qualifying Bank Creditor Rule" means the rule that the aggregate number of creditors (or deemed creditors)
under this Agreement which are not Swiss Qualifying Banks must not exceed 10 (ten), all in accordance with the meaning of the
Guidelines or legislation or explanatory notes addressing the same issues which are in force at such time.
 
"Swiss Twenty Non-Qualifying Bank Creditor Rule" means the rule that the aggregate number of creditors (or deemed
creditors) (including the Lenders), other than Swiss Qualifying Banks, of a Swiss Borrower under all outstanding debts relevant
for classification as debenture (Kassenobligation) (within the meaning of the Guidelines), such as loans, facilities and/or private
placements (including under the Finance Documents) must not at any time exceed 20 (twenty), all in accordance with the
meaning of the Guidelines or legislation or explanatory notes addressing the same issues which are in force at such time.
 
"Tax or Taxes" means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup
withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by or paid to any Governmental Authority, including any interest,
additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto.
 
"Term" means such period determined under this Agreement for which the Issuing Bank is under a liability under an L/G.
 
"Term A-2 Loans" means the term loans made by certain lenders under the Existing US Facility Agreement to the Company
pursuant to Section 2.01(c) of the Existing US Facility Agreement.
 
"Termination Date" means the earlier of (i) date falling five (5) years following the date of this Agreement and (ii) the date of
the termination of the Existing US Facility Agreement (as such agreement may be from time to time extended or refinanced).
 
"Total Commitments" means the aggregate of the Commitments, being EUR 325,000,000 at the date of this Agreement.
 
"Transfer Certificate" means a certificate substantially in the form set out in Schedule 6 (Form of Transfer Certificate) or any
other form agreed between the Agent and the Company.
 
"Transfer Date" means, in relation to an assignment and transfer by way of assumption of contract (Vertragsübernahme)
pursuant to Clause 23.5 (Procedure for assignment and transfer by way of assumption of contract (Vertragsübernahme)), the later
of:
 
(a)
the proposed Transfer Date specified in the Transfer Certificate; and
 
(b)
the date on which the Agent executes the Transfer Certificate.
 
"UCC" means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of New York, or in any other State (as
defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time
 
23


[Page 41]
 
 
to time in the State of New York), if the laws of such other State are required to be applied in connection with the issue of
perfection or priority of security interests.
 
"Unpaid Sum" means any sum due and payable by an Obligor but unpaid by an Obligor under the Finance Documents.
 
"U.S." and "United States" means the United States of America, its territories, possessions and other areas subject to the
jurisdiction of the United States of America.
 
"U.S. Borrower" means a Borrower whose jurisdiction of incorporation is a state of the United States or the District of
Columbia.
 
"U.S. GAAP" means the generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America as recognised by the Financial
Accounting Standards Board or other body or authority that succeeds the Financial Accounting Standards Board in determining
the generally accepted accounting principles in the United States from time to time.
 
"U.S. Person" means a "United States person" within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code.
 
"U.S. Tax Obligor" means:
 
(a)
a Borrower which is resident for tax purposes in the U.S.; or
 
(b)
an Obligor some or all of whose payments under the Finance Documents are from sources within the U.S. for US federal
income tax purposes.
 
"Utilisation" means the issuance of an L/G.
 
"Utilisation Date" means the date on which a Utilisation is to be made, being the date on which the relevant L/G is to be issued.
 
"Utilisation Request" means (i) a notice automatically generated by the Electronic Platform and sent to the respective Issuing
Bank or (ii) in case the Electronic Platform is not available for such purpose, a notice substantially in the form set out in Schedule
3 (Utilisation Request).
 
"VAT" means:
 
(a)
any value added tax imposed by the Value Added Tax Act 1994;
 
(b)
any tax imposed in compliance with the Council Directive of 28 November 2006 on the common system of value added
tax (EC Directive 2006/112); and
 
(c)
any other tax of a similar nature, whether imposed in the United Kingdom or in a member state of the European Union in
substitution for, or levied in addition to, such tax referred to in paragraphs (a) or (b) above, or imposed elsewhere.
 
"Withdrawal Liability" means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such
Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA.
 
1.2
Construction
 
(a)
Unless a contrary indication appears, any reference in this Agreement to:
 
(i)
the "Agent", the "Arranger", any "Finance Party", any "Issuing Bank", any "Lender", any "Obligor" or any
"Party" shall be construed so as to include its successors in title, permitted assigns and permitted transferees;
 
24


[Page 42]
 
 
(ii)
"assets" includes present and future properties, revenues and rights of every description;
 
(iii)
"director"  includes any statutory legal representative(s) (organschaftlicher Vertreter) of a person pursuant to the
laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, including but not limited to, in relation to a person incorporated or
established in Germany, a managing director (Geschäftsführer) or member of the board of directors (Vorstand);
 
(iv)
a "Finance Document" or any other agreement or instrument is a reference to that Finance Document or other
agreement or instrument as amended, novated, supplemented, extended or restated;
 
(v)
"indebtedness" includes any obligation (whether incurred as principal or as surety) for the payment or
repayment of money, whether present or future, actual or contingent;
 
(vi)
a Lender's "participation" in relation to an L/G, shall be construed as a reference to the relevant amount that is
or may be payable by a Lender in relation to that L/G;
 
(vii)
a "person" includes any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association,
company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity;
 
(viii)
a person acting "reasonably" means the exercise of discretion in a reasonable manner (nach billigem Ermessen)
as set out in section 315 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch).
 
(ix)
a "regulation" includes any regulation, rule, official directive, request or guideline (whether or not having the
force of law) of any Governmental Authority;
 
(x)
a provision of law is a reference to that provision as amended or re-enacted;
 
(xi)
a time of day is a reference to Luxembourg time; and
 
(xii)
a reference to the date of this Agreement refers to 21 June 2022.
 
(b)
Section, Clause and Schedule headings are for ease of reference only.
 
(c)
Unless a contrary indication appears, a term used in any other Finance Document or in any notice given under or in
connection with any Finance Document has the same meaning in that Finance Document or notice as in this Agreement.
 
(d)
A Default (including an Event of Default) is "continuing" if it has not been remedied or waived.
 
(e)
A Borrower "repaying" or "prepaying" an L/G means:
 
(i)
the Borrower providing Cash Cover for that L/G;
 
(ii)
the Company receiving an L/G Reduction Notice as further specified in Clause 5.5 (Reversal and Reduction of
L/Gs); or
 
(iii)
the implementation of any other arrangement, including the delivery of a Counter Guarantee, satisfactory to the
relevant Issuing Bank,
 
25


[Page 43]
 
 
and the amount by which an L/G is repaid or prepaid under paragraphs 1.2(e)(i) to (iii) above is the amount of the
relevant Cash Cover or reduction or Counter Guarantee (in the case Cash Cover is provided for an L/G denominated in
an Optional Currency, converted into the currency in which that L/G is denominated at the Spot Rate of Exchange on the
date on which Cash Cover is provided).
 
(f)
An L/G is “outstanding” until (i) the original of the L/G certificate (Avalurkunde) has been received by the Lender
which has issued the relevant L/G, (ii) the relevant LG has expired pursuant to its terms, (iii) the Lender which has
issued the L/G has been unconditionally released from liability and notified about such release, (iv) the relevant
Borrower and the Lender which has issued the relevant L/G have confirmed, e.g. by way of e-mail exchange, that the
respective L/G is no longer outstanding, or (v) the relevant Issuing Bank is otherwise satisfied (acting reasonably) that its
obligations under the L/G have expired.
 
(g)
The Electronic Platform "is not available" means that:
 
(i)
the Company has informed the relevant Issuing Bank(s) that the Electronic Platform will not be operational or
accessible (because of, but not limited to, any technical error, defects of any kind or an operating error due to
which it is technically impossible to transfer the Utilisation Request in the form of electronic transfer) for a
continuing period of more than twenty-four (24) hours until the Company confirms to the relevant Issuing
Bank(s) and the Agent that the Electronic Platform is duly operating again;
 
(ii)
the Company has informed the Agent and the Issuing Banks with thirty (30) Business Days prior written notice
of its decision to discontinue the use of the Electronic Platform until the date another Electronic Platform
commences operation (and the Company will notify the Issuing Banks) thirty (30) Business Days in advance of
such date); and
 
(iii)
in relation to the relevant Issuing Bank only, such Issuing Bank has terminated the Electronic Platform
Agreement.
 
If the Electronic Platform cannot provide one of the services as assigned to under this Agreement it shall be treated as
"not available" on in regard to any such (unavailable) service.
 
1.3
Currency symbols and definitions
 
"€", "EUR" and "euro" denote the single currency of the Participating Member States, "£", "GBP" and "sterling" denote the
lawful currency of the United Kingdom, "$", "USD" and "dollars" denote the lawful currency of the United States of America,
"CHF" denotes the lawful currency of Switzerland, "SEK" denotes the lawful currency of Sweden, "SGD" denotes the lawful
currency of Singapore, "CNY" denotes the lawful currency of the People's Republic of China, "INR" denotes the lawful currency
of India, "SAR" denotes the lawful currency of Saudi Arabia and "YEN" denotes the lawful currency of Japan.
 
1.4
Language
 
This Agreement is made in the English language. For the avoidance of doubt, the English language version of this Agreement
shall prevail over any translation of this Agreement. However, where a German translation of a word or phrase appears in the text
of this Agreement, the German translation of such word or phrase shall prevail.
 
1.5
Pro Forma Calculations
 
26


[Page 44]
 
 
Except as otherwise provided herein, all pro forma computations required to be made hereunder giving effect to any acquisition
or disposition, or issuance, incurrence, assumption or repayment of Financial Indebtedness, or other transaction shall in each case
be calculated giving pro forma effect thereto (and, in the case of any pro forma computation made hereunder to determine
whether such acquisition or disposition, or issuance, incurrence, assumption or repayment of Financial Indebtedness, or other
transaction is permitted to be consummated hereunder, to any other such transaction consummated since the first day of the
period covered by any component of such pro forma computation and on or prior to the date of such computation) as if such
transaction had occurred on the first day of the period of four consecutive Financial Quarters ending with the most recent
Financial Quarter for which financial statements shall have been delivered pursuant to Clause 19.1 (Financial statements) (or,
prior to the delivery of any such financial statements, ending with the last Financial Quarter included in the Original Financial
Statements of the Company), and, to the extent applicable, to the historical earnings and cash flows associated with the assets
acquired or disposed of (but without giving effect to any synergies or cost savings unless permitted by Article 11 of Regulation S-
X of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933) and any related incurrence or reduction of Financial Indebtedness, all in accordance with
that Article. If any Financial Indebtedness bears a floating rate of interest and is being given pro forma effect, the interest on such
Financial Indebtedness shall be calculated as if the rate in effect on the date of determination had been the applicable rate for the
entire period (taking into account any Swap Agreement pertaining to interest rates applicable to such Financial Indebtedness).
 
1.6
Divisions
 
For all purposes under the Finance Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any
comparable event under a different jurisdiction’s laws): (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any person becomes the
asset, right, obligation or liability of a different person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original person
to the subsequent person, and (b) if any new person comes into existence, such new person shall be deemed to have been
organized and acquired on the first date of its existence by the holders of its equity interests at such time.
 
1.7
Certain Calculations
 
No Default or Event of Default shall arise as a result of any limitation or threshold set forth in Dollars in Clause 20 (Financial
covenants) and 21 (General undertakings) under this Agreement being exceeded solely as a result of changes in currency
exchange rates from those rates applicable on the last day of the fiscal quarter of the Company immediately preceding the fiscal
quarter of the Company in which the applicable transaction or occurrence requiring a determination occurs.
 
2.
THE FACILITY
 
2.1
The Facility
 
Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Issuing Banks make available to the Borrowers a multicurrency letter of credit facility
in an aggregate amount equal to the Total Commitments provided that the aggregate Base Currency Amount of all outstanding
L/Gs issued by the Issuing Banks on behalf of (or at the request of) the Company may not exceed EUR 25,000,000 at any time.
 
27


[Page 45]
 
 
2.2
Increase
 
(a)
The Company may by giving at least three Business Days' prior notice to the Agent by no later than the date falling
twenty (20) Business Days after the effective date of a cancellation of:
 
(i)
the Available Commitments of a Defaulting Lender in accordance with paragraph (d) of Clause 9.6 (Right of
replacement or repayment and cancellation in relation to a single Lender); or
 
(ii)
the Commitments of a Lender in accordance with:
 
(A)
Clause 9.1 (Illegality); or
 
(B)
paragraph (a) of Clause 9.6 (Right of replacement or repayment and cancellation in relation to a single
Lender),
 
request that the Commitments be increased (and the Commitments shall be so increased) in an aggregate amount in the
Base Currency of up to the amount of the Available Commitments or Commitments so cancelled.
 
(b)
Subject to Clause 2.3 (Allocation of Additional Commitments) below, the Company may by giving at least three
(3) Business Days' prior notice to the Agent request that the Total Commitments be increased (and the Total
Commitments shall be so increased) in an aggregate amount in the Base Currency of at least EUR 5,000,000 provided
that:
 
(i)
the total Base Currency Amount of all such increases of Commitments made pursuant to this paragraph (b) must
not exceed EUR 100,000,000 and the Total Commitments after any such increase must not exceed EUR
325,000,000;
 
(ii)
the respective increase must become effective during the Increase Period; and
 
(iii)
during the term of this Agreement the Company may not increase the Commitments more than four times
pursuant to this paragraph (b).
 
(c)
The implementation of any increase pursuant to paragraph (a) or (b) above shall be subject to the following provisions
and the implementation of any increase pursuant to paragraph (b) above shall in addition be subject to Clause 2.3
(Allocation of Additional Commitments):
 
(i)
subject to Clause 2.3 (Allocation of Additional Commitments), the increased Commitments will be assumed by
one or more Lenders or other banks, financial institutions, trusts, funds or other entities (each an "Increase
Lender") selected by the Company (each of which shall not be a member of the Group) and each of which
confirms in writing (whether in the relevant Increase Confirmation or otherwise) its willingness to assume and
does assume all the obligations of a Lender corresponding to that part of the increased Commitments which it is
to assume, as if it had been an Original Lender;
 
(ii)
each of the Obligors and any Increase Lender shall assume obligations towards one another and/or acquire
rights against one another as the Obligors and the Increase Lender would have assumed and/or acquired had the
Increase Lender been an Original Lender;
 
(iii)
each Increase Lender shall become a Party as a "Lender" and any Increase Lender and each of the other Finance
Parties shall assume obligations towards
 
28


[Page 46]
 
 
 
 
one another and acquire rights against one another as that Increase Lender and those Finance Parties would have
assumed and/or acquired had the Increase Lender been an Original Lender;
 
 
 
(iv)
the Commitments of the other Lenders shall continue in full force and effect; and
 
(v)
any increase in the Commitments shall take effect on the date specified by the Company in the notice referred to
above or any later date on which the conditions set out in paragraph (d) below are satisfied.
 
(d)
An increase in the Commitments will only be effective on:
 
(i)
the execution by the Agent and the Company of an Increase Confirmation from the relevant Increase Lender;
and
 
(ii)
in relation to an Increase Lender which is not a Lender immediately prior to the relevant increase the Agent
being satisfied that it has complied with all necessary "know your customer" or other similar checks under all
applicable laws and regulations in relation to the assumption of the increased Commitments by that Increase
Lender. The Agent shall promptly notify the Company and the Increase Lender upon being so satisfied.
 
(e)
Each Increase Lender, by executing the Increase Confirmation, confirms (for the avoidance of doubt) that the Agent has
authority to execute on its behalf any amendment or waiver that has been approved by or on behalf of the requisite
Lender or Lenders in accordance with this Agreement on or prior to the date on which the increase becomes effective.
 
(f)
The Company shall, promptly on demand, pay the Agent the amount of all costs and expenses (including legal fees)
reasonably incurred by it in connection with any increase in Commitments under this Clause 2.2.
 
(g)
The Company may pay to the Increase Lender a fee in the amount and at the times agreed between the Company and the
Increase Lender in a letter between the Company and the Increase Lender setting out that fee provided that in respect of
any increase made pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Clause 2.2 the following shall apply:
 
(i)
no Increase Lender shall be given preferential treatment in respect of the amount of fees paid to it in respect of
such increase so that a higher fee may only be paid if an Increase Lender is participating with a higher amount
in the respective increase. Increase Lenders participating with equal amounts must be paid an equal amount of
fees; and
 
(ii)
the Company must offer to pay the participation fee in the Additional Commitment Request and any Additional
Commitment Request served within the first six Months after the date of this Agreement shall offer at least the
same level of participation fee as applicable on the signing date of this Agreement.
 
(h)
Clause 23.4 (Limitation of responsibility of Existing Lender) shall apply mutatis mutandis in this Clause 2.2 in relation to
an Increase Lender as if references in that Clause to:
 
(i)
an "Existing Lender" were references to all the Lenders immediately prior to the relevant increase;
 
29


[Page 47]
 
 
(ii)
the "New Lender" were references to that "Increase Lender"; and
 
(iii)
a "re-transfer" and "re-assignment" were references to respectively a "transfer" and "assignment".
 
2.3
Allocation of Additional Commitments
 
(a)
Subject to paragraph (b) of Clause 2.2 (Increase) above the Company may, at any time during the Increase Period,
request the increase of the Total Commitments by a total amount of EUR 100,000,000 (the amount requested being the
"Requested Additional Commitment Amount" and the increased part of the Total Commitments being the
"Additional Commitments") by delivery to the Agent of a duly completed Additional Commitment Request setting out
the total Additional Commitments and any fee the Company is offering to pay in respect thereto and asking each Lender
whether it is willing to participate in the Additional Commitments on a pro rata basis (based on the proportion borne by
its Commitments to the Total Commitments at the time of the request) (the "Pro Rata Portion"); provided that with
regard to any increase up to an amount of EUR 25,000,000 in aggregate over the lifetime of this Agreement (any such
increase, a "Non-Pro Rata Increase"), the increased Commitments may also be assumed by one or more Lenders or
other banks, financial institutions, trusts, funds or other entities (any such Lender or other entity shall be deemed to be an
"Increase Lender") selected by the Company (each of which shall not be a member of the Group) which has confirmed
in writing its willingness to participate in the Additional Commitments with respect to the Non-Pro Rata Increase; and
provided further that the provisions set out in Clause 2.2 (Increase) paragraphs (c)(iii) and (iv) and (d) to (h) shall apply
to such Non-Pro Rata Increase mutatis mutandis. The Agent shall notify each Lender without undue delay after receipt
of an Additional Commitment Request of the terms of that Additional Commitment Request by forwarding a copy of
that Additional Commitment Request to each Lender. If the Additional Commitments are offered only to the Lenders,
the Agent shall also notify each Lender of its potential Pro Rata Portion.
 
(b)
Within fifteen (15) Business Days of receipt of a copy of such Additional Commitment Request from the Agent (the
"First Response Period"), each Lender shall notify the Agent and the Company whether it is prepared to participate in
the Additional Commitments in its Pro Rata Portion. Any Lender which has not responded to the Agent within such
period shall be deemed to have declined to participate in such Additional Commitment.
 
(c)
If the aggregate of the amounts (the "Committed Amount") notified by the Lenders prepared to participate in the
Additional Commitment (each a "Participating Lender") to the Agent in accordance with, and within the period set out
in paragraph (b) above is equal to the Requested Additional Commitment Amount, the Agent shall allocate the
participations in the Additional Commitments to each Participating Lender based on the Pro Rata Portion of each Lender.
If the Committed Amount is less than the Requested Additional Commitment Amount due to not all Lenders being
Participating Lenders or a Participating Lender only willing to commit less than its Pro Rata Portion the Agent shall
allocate the Additional Commitments to each Participating Lender based on the amounts notified by them (provided
that no allocation shall be made in excess of a Pro Rata Portion of a Participating Lender) and shall then proceed as set
out in paragraph (d) below. The Agent shall notify each Participating Lender and the Company of the allocation within
five (5) Business Days after the expiry of the First Response Period. Each Participating Lender shall confirm in writing
within five (5) Business Days after that notice being given by the Agent its willingness to assume the respective
Additional Commitments by executing a
 
30


[Page 48]
 
 
 
 
respective Increase Confirmation as further specified in paragraph (c) of Clause 2.2 (Increase).
 
 
 
(d)
If the Agent determines that the Committed Amount is less than the Requested Additional Commitment Amount, it shall
notify the Company and each Participating Lender without undue delay thereof and of the balance of the Requested
Additional Commitment Amount and the Committed Amount (the "Additional Commitment Shortfall").
 
(e)
Each Participating Lender may then within five Business Days of such notification notify the Agent and the Company
whether or not it is willing to increase its participation in the Additional Commitments (and if so by which amount). Any
Participating Lender which has not responded to the Agent within such period shall be deemed to have declined to
further increase its participation in the Additional Commitments. If the Agent then determines that the further increase in
the Additional Commitments offered by the relevant Participating Lenders is equal to or less than the Additional
Commitment Shortfall, it shall allocate further participations in the Requested Additional Commitments to each
Participating Lender on the basis of the additional amounts offered by the respective Participating Lender. If the Agent
determines that the aggregate amount of the further increase in the Additional Commitments offered by the relevant
Participating Lenders is higher than the Additional Commitment Shortfall, it shall allocate the further participations pro
rata based on the total amount of all Additional Commitments offered by Participating Lenders pursuant to this
paragraph (e) and the share of each Participating Lender in such total amount. Sentences 3 and 4 of paragraph (c) above
shall then apply mutatis mutandis.
 
(f)
If the Agent then determines that the aggregate amount of the Participating Lenders' Committed Amount is less than the
Requested Additional Commitment Amount, it shall notify the Company without undue delay of such occurrence and of
the final Additional Commitment Shortfall. The Company may then within twenty (20) Business Days of such notice
select any other bank, financial institution, trusts, funds or other entities (each of which shall not be a member of the
Group) to participate in the respective Additional Commitments provided that the aggregate amount of such
participations shall not exceed the amount of the final Additional Commitment Shortfall and further provided that such
potential lender confirms in writing within such twenty (20) Business Days its willingness to assume the respective
Additional Commitments as further specified in paragraph (c) of Clause 2.2 (Increase) by executing the respective
Increase Confirmation.
 
(g)
No Lender shall be obliged to participate in any Additional Commitment or increase its participation in the Additional
Commitment it was prepared to assume unless it has otherwise agreed in accordance with paragraphs (c), (d) or (e) (as
the case may be) above.
 
2.4
Finance Parties' rights and obligations
 
(a)
The obligations of each Finance Party under the Finance Documents are several and do not constitute a joint obligation
(Ausschluss der gesamtschuldnerischen Haftung). Failure by a Finance Party to perform its obligations under the
Finance Documents does not affect the obligations of any other Party under the Finance Documents. No Finance Party is
responsible for the obligations of any other Finance Party under the Finance Documents.
 
(b)
The rights of each Finance Party under or in connection with the Finance Documents are separate and independent rights
and do not constitute a joint creditorship
 
31


[Page 49]
 
 
 
 
(Ausschluss der Gesamtgläubigerschaft) and any debt arising under the Finance Documents to a Finance Party from an
Obligor shall, except as otherwise set out in this Agreement or any other Finance Document, be a separate and
independent debt (Ausschluss der gesamtschuldnerischen Haftung).
 
 
 
(c)
A Finance Party may, except as otherwise stated in the Finance Documents, separately enforce its rights under the
Finance Documents.
 
3.
PURPOSE
 
3.1
Purpose
 
Each Borrower shall use any L/G to collateralise obligations of, or claims against, any Borrower (or, subject to Clause 5.8
(Affiliate of a Borrower), any Affiliate Borrower) in each case arising in connection with the operational business requirements of
any Borrower (or, subject to Clause 5.8 (Affiliate of a Borrower), any Affiliate Borrower) in relation to the issuance of:
 
(a)
tender guarantees (Bietungsavale);
 
(b)
advance payment guarantees (Anzahlungsavale);
 
(c)
performance guarantees (Vertragserfüllungsavale);
 
(d)
rental guarantees (Mietavale);
 
(e)
customs guarantees (Zollavale);
 
(f)
warranty guarantees (Gewährleistungsavale); or
 
(g)
payment guarantees for suppliers (Lieferantenavale).
 
3.2
Monitoring
 
No Finance Party is bound to monitor or verify the use of an L/G granted pursuant to this Agreement.
 
4.
CONDITIONS OF UTILISATION
 
4.1
Initial conditions precedent
 
No Borrower may deliver a Utilisation Request to an Issuing Bank unless the Agent has received all of the documents and other
evidence listed in Part 1 (Conditions Precedent to Initial Utilisation) of Schedule 2 (Conditions Precedent) in form and substance
satisfactory to the Agent. The Agent shall notify the Company and the Lenders promptly upon being so satisfied.
 
4.2
Further conditions precedent
 
An Issuing Bank will only be obliged to comply with Clause 5.3 (Issue of L/Gs) if on the date of the Utilisation Request and on
the proposed Utilisation Date:
 
(a)
no Default is continuing or would result from the issue of the L/G;
 
(b)
the Repeated Representations made by each Obligor are true in all material respects; and
 
(c)
no Change of Control has occurred.
 
4.3
Conditions relating to Optional Currencies
 
32


[Page 50]
 
 
A currency will constitute an Optional Currency in relation to an L/G if it is:
 
(a)
USD, GBP or CHF; or
 
(b)
SEK, SGD, CNY, INR, SAR or YEN; or
 
(c)
any other currency agreed with the relevant Issuing Bank(s) as at or prior to receipt by it of the relevant Utilisation
Request for that L/G;
 
provided that in the case of paragraphs (b) and (c) above, the aggregate Base Currency Amount of all L/Gs denominated in any
such currencies shall not exceed EUR 20,000,000 at any time. Each Issuing Bank will only be obliged to issue an L/G in an
Optional Currency if this Optional Currency (other than in the case of paragraphs (a) and (b) above) is approved between the
relevant Issuing Bank and the relevant Borrower.
 
5.
UTILISATION
 
5.1
General
 
(a)
Each Borrower may, subject to the provisions of this Clause 5 (Utilisation) and Clause 7 (L/Gs) utilise the Facility by
delivering to the relevant Issuing Bank a duly completed Utilisation Request by entering the required data into the
Electronic Platform.
 
(b)
If the Electronic Platform is not available for such purpose, the relevant Borrower may deliver the respective duly
completed Utilisation Request to the relevant Issuing Bank not later than the Specified Time provided that any
Utilisation Request not received via the Electronic Platform must be pre-advised to the relevant Issuing Bank by
telephone by the relevant Borrower.
 
(c)
If the Utilisation Request has been delivered in accordance with paragraph (b) the Company shall enter the information
from that Utilisation Request into the Electronic Platform once the Electronic Platform currently in use (or another
Electronic Platform) is available again.
 
(d)
As soon as reasonably practicable following the date of this Agreement and all Existing L/Gs having been rolled as L/Gs
into this Agreement, the Company shall endeavour to request Utilisations on a pro rata basis to ensure that the
Commitment of each Lender is utilised pro-rata to its participation in the Total Commitments.
 
5.2
Completion of a Utilisation Request
 
(a)
Subject to Clause 5.8 (Affiliate of a Borrower) and paragraph (f) below, each Utilisation Request is irrevocable and will
not be regarded as having been duly completed unless:
 
(i)
it identifies the relevant Borrower and the type of L/G;
 
(ii)
it identifies the relevant Issuing Bank(s) and whether it is to be issued by one or several Issuing Banks (and in
the latter case in which portions);
 
(iii)
it identifies the proposed Utilisation Date which is a Business Day falling within the Availability Period;
 
(iv)
it identifies the amount and currency of the requested L/G;
 
(v)
the L/G is denominated in the Base Currency or an Optional Currency;
 
33


[Page 51]
 
 
(vi)
the amount of the L/G requested is an amount whose Base Currency Amount is not more than the Available
Facility and the Available Commitment of the Issuing Bank(s);
 
(vii)
a form of the relevant requested L/G as outlined in Clause 3.1 (Purpose) is (x) attached, (y) agreed with the
relevant Issuing Bank and (z) satisfies the L/G Approved Criteria;
 
(viii)
the obligor of the obligations secured by the L/G is the respective Borrower, the beneficiary of the L/G is
identified and the underlying contract is specified;
 
(ix)
it specifies the expiry date specified in the relevant L/G or, as the case may be, the expiry date of the
Commercial Lifetime of the relevant L/G; and
 
(x)
the delivery instructions for the L/G are specified.
 
(b)
The Issuing Bank shall in no event be held responsible for a non - or a delayed processing of any Utilisation Request
(irrespective of whether made through the Electronic Platform or otherwise) unless such delayed processing is caused by
gross negligence or wilful misconduct on the part of the Issuing Bank. As the Issuing Bank will not, in the event of a
Utilisation Request or other information submitted by telefax, letter or email, be in a position to verify whether any
document received as a Utilisation Request has been duly authorised and sent by the relevant Borrower, the Company
and each Borrower agrees that the Issuing Bank shall be entitled to execute all Utilisation Requests hereunder received
by telefax, letter or email or with respect to which further information was delivered by telefax, letter or email if on their
face such telefaxes, letters or emails appear to be duly authorised and executed by persons acting on behalf of the
Company and/or the relevant Borrower who have been identified as authorised signatories in accordance with the
Electronic Platform Agreement or in the certificate referred to under number 1 (g) of Part 1 or number 7 of Part 2
(Conditions Precedent required to be delivered by an Additional Obligor) of Schedule 2 (Conditions Precedent). The
Issuing Banks shall not be held liable for the execution of any forged Utilisation Request received by telefax, letter or
email except where the forgery is evident (offensichtlich) or the respective Issuing Bank acted with gross negligence or
wilful misconduct. The Issuing Banks shall not be held responsible for any loss or damage caused by any documents
being lost, duplicated, ended up in wrong hands or distorted when transmitted electronically or in any other form. In the
event of any loss or damage arising to an Issuing Bank by reason of a technical malfunctioning or miscalculation or any
technical error of the Electronic Platform and the Company has directly caused by gross negligence or wilful misconduct
such malfunction, miscalculation or error, the Company shall indemnify that Issuing Bank in this respect.
 
(c)
Provided the requirements set out in Clause 4.1 (Initial conditions precedent) and Clause 4.2 (Further conditions
precedent) are satisfied, each Existing L/G shall be treated as an L/G issued under this Agreement.
 
(d)
Only one L/G may be requested in each Utilisation Request.
 
(e)
The maximum aggregate Base Currency Amount of all outstanding standby, commercial or trade letters of credit shall at
no time exceed EUR 50,000,000.
 
(f)
A Utilisation Request may only be revoked by the relevant Borrower by giving notice to the relevant Issuing Bank which
has to be received by that Issuing Bank at a time that Issuing Bank will, with reasonable efforts, still be in a position to
stop the process
 
34


[Page 52]
 
 
 
that the relevant L/G is delivered to the relevant beneficiary or any other party as instructed by the relevant Borrower.
 
5.3
Issue of L/Gs
 
(a)
An L/G can be issued by one Issuing Bank or jointly by two or more Issuing Banks provided that there shall be no joint
liability (Gesamtschuldnerschaft) between the relevant Issuing Banks and each Issuing Bank shall only be liable for
payment of a certain portion of the Face Amount of the relevant L/G which portion must be set out in the L/G and
comply with the requirements set out in paragraph (b) of Clause 5.4 (Extension of L/Gs) below.
 
(b)
A proposed Issuing Bank is not obliged to issue (and shall not issue) any L/G if it notifies the relevant Borrower that it
will not be able to issue the L/G on the basis of any of the following grounds:
 
(i)
a Lender's share in the outstanding L/Gs (including, for the avoidance of doubt and without limitation, any L/G
in respect of which Cash Cover has been provided) would exceed its Commitment;
 
(ii)
the Base Currency Amount (calculated as at the date of the Utilisation Request) of all outstanding L/Gs
constituting standby, commercial or trade letters of credit (including, for the avoidance of doubt and without
limitation, any L/Gs of that type in respect of which Cash Cover has been provided) would exceed EUR
50,000,000;
 
(iii)
the Base Currency Amount (calculated as at the date of the Utilisation Request) of all outstanding L/Gs
(including, for the avoidance of doubt and without limitation, any L/G in respect of which Cash Cover has been
provided) would exceed the Total Commitments;
 
(iv)
the requirements of Clause 5.2 (Completion of a Utilisation Request) are not satisfied; or
 
(v)
the L/G Approved Criteria are not satisfied and the relevant Issuing Bank is not willing to dispense with these
requirements.
 
For the avoidance of doubt, any letter of credit or similar instrument issued by an Issuing Bank in excess of the amounts
described above will be issued on a bilateral basis and not be subject to (nor benefit from) the provisions of this
Agreement.
 
(c)
Subject to the terms of this Agreement being met:
 
(i)
the relevant Issuing Bank must issue the L/G on the Utilisation Date; or
 
(ii)
with respect to the Existing L/Gs, on and from the date the requirements set out in Clause 4.1 (Initial conditions
precedent) and Clause 4.2 (Further conditions precedent) are satisfied, each Existing L/G will be treated as an
L/G issued under this Agreement.
 
(d)
The relevant Issuing Bank shall use the Electronic Platform, if the Electronic Platform is available, also for any
amendment, reduction or cancellation of any L/G issued under the Electronic Platform as well as any payment requests
and claims.
 
35


[Page 53]
 
 
(e)
For the avoidance of doubt, each relevant Issuing Bank is itself responsible for checking whether any currency requested
has been approved by it and whether all other requirements for a Utilisation are satisfied.
 
5.4
Extension of L/Gs
 
(a)
A Borrower may by giving a Utilisation Request request that an L/G issued on its behalf which would otherwise expire
is extended by delivery to the relevant Issuing Bank of a notice specifying the new proposed Maturity Date in
accordance with the terms of that L/G and, in any event, by no later than four Business Days before the Maturity Date of
that L/G.
 
(b)
An Issuing Bank shall only be obliged to comply with such a Utilisation Request if on the date of the Utilisation Request
and on the proposed extension date no Event of Default is continuing or would result from such extension and no
Change of Control has occurred.
 
(c)
An Issuing Bank is not obliged to (and shall not) extend any L/G if as a result of such extension:
 
(i)
a Lender's share in the outstanding L/Gs (including, for the avoidance of doubt and without limitation, any L/G
in respect of which Cash Cover has been provided) would exceed its Commitment;
 
(ii)
the Base Currency Amount (calculated as at the date of the Utilisation Request) of all outstanding standby,
commercial or trade letters of credit (including, for the avoidance of doubt and without limitation, any L/G in
respect of which Cash Cover has been provided) would exceed EUR 50,000,000; or
 
(iii)
the Base Currency Amount (calculated as at the date of the Utilisation Request) of all outstanding L/Gs
(including, for the avoidance of doubt and without limitation, any L/G in respect of which Cash Cover has been
provided) would exceed the Total Commitments.
 
(d)
The terms of each extended L/G will remain the same as before the extension, except that:
 
(i)
its amount may be reduced; and
 
(ii)
its Maturity Date will be the date specified in the Utilisation Request.
 
(e)
Subject to the terms of this Agreement being met, the relevant Issuing Bank must extend the L/G in the manner
requested.
 
5.5
Reversal and reduction of L/Gs
 
(a)
An Issuing Bank shall (if the Electronic Platform is available) enter into the Electronic Platform and otherwise give
written notice to the Company (in each case an "L/G Reduction Notice") of any reduction pursuant to any event set out
in paragraph (b) of this Clause 5.5 (Reversal and reduction of L/Gs) of the maximum amount payable under any L/G
issued by it promptly upon the occurrence of such reduction.
 
(b)
For the purposes of paragraph (a) above, a reduction of the maximum amount payable under any L/G occurs if an
Issuing Bank is satisfied that:
 
(i)
in relation to an L/G issued by that Issuing Bank which under its terms expires without any doubt if no demand
for payment has been received by that Issuing
 
36


[Page 54]
 
 
 
 
Bank on or before a specified expiry date, no demand in respect of that L/G has been received by that Issuing
Bank on or before such date; or
 
 
 
(ii)
in relation to an L/G issued by that Issuing Bank whose terms do not provide for an expiry without any doubt on
a specific expiry date if no demand for payment has been received by that Issuing Bank on or before that date
(or, in the case of a release of an L/G, on or before the expiry date specified therein):
 
(A)
the original of the L/G (including all amendments (if any)) has been returned to that Issuing Bank by
the beneficiary or the relevant Borrower; or
 
(B)
the L/G has been released in writing by the beneficiary; or
 
(iii)
in relation to an L/G whose terms provide for a reduction of its Face Amount, the conditions of such reduction
under the terms of the L/G are without any doubt satisfied; or
 
(iv)
the beneficiary has unconditionally certified to the Issuing Bank the reduction of the Face Amount of the L/G in
writing; or
 
(v)
after having effected (full or partial) payment pursuant to a demand to the extent it has been reimbursed by the
relevant Borrower or on its behalf in the amount required by the terms of this Agreement; or
 
(vi)
for the avoidance of doubt, such Issuing Bank is otherwise satisfied that it has no further liability under the
relevant L/G.
 
5.6
Handling of Utilisation Requests, issuance of L/Gs
 
(a)
Promptly following receipt of the relevant Utilisation Request the relevant Issuing Bank shall determine whether, in
respect of such Utilisation Request and the requested L/G, it complies with:
 
(i)
the terms of sub-paragraphs (a) and (e) of Clause 5.2 (Completion of a Utilisation Request)
 
(ii)
the terms of paragraph (b) of Clause 5.4 (Extension of L/Gs); and
 
(iii)
the L/G Approved Criteria and all other requirements set out in this Clause 5 (the "L/G Requirements").
 
(b)
Following determination in accordance with paragraph (a), the relevant Issuing Bank shall confirm through the
Electronic Platform (or, if the Electronic Platform is not available, inform the Company accordingly) whether:
 
(i)
the L/G Requirements are fulfilled (and, if the L/G is denominated in an Optional Currency, the Electronic
Platform will automatically (and if the Electronic Platform is not available, the Issuing Bank shall) calculate the
Base Currency Amount with respect thereto); or
 
(ii)
it will not be able to issue the requested L/G at all because all or some of the L/G Requirements are not fulfilled
and, if so, which one(s).
 
37


[Page 55]
 
 
(c)
In the event of notification by the relevant Issuing Bank that it will not issue the requested L/G the relevant Borrower
and the Borrower shall:
 
(i)
agree with the relevant Issuing Bank such amendment of the requested L/G as is necessary and possible to
enable the Issuing Bank to issue the relevant L/G; and
 
(ii)
if no agreement can be reached between the relevant Issuing Bank and the Borrower (in particular if the L/G
Requirements are not complied with): (A) the Issuing Bank shall not issue the requested L/G; and (B) the
Borrower shall promptly withdraw the relevant Utilisation Request.
 
(d)
The relevant Issuing Bank shall promptly enter into the Electronic Platform (or, if the Electronic Platform is not
available, inform the Company of) all changes in respect of a requested L/G agreed with the relevant Borrower pursuant
to paragraph (c) above.
 
(e)
If the Electronic Platform is not available, the Company shall enter into the Electronic Platform the confirmation of the
relevant Issuing Bank in accordance with paragraph (c) and all changes in respect of a requested L/G in accordance with
paragraph (d), as applicable, once the Electronic Platform currently in use (or another Electronic Platform) is available
again.
 
5.7
Reports
 
(a)
The Company will use its best efforts to generate under the Electronic Platform a report providing for the following
figures within 10 Business Days after the end of each calendar quarter (the "Reports") and to deliver such Reports to the
Agent for distribution to the Issuing Banks:
 
(i)
the Base Currency Amount of all outstanding L/Gs as determined for such day;
 
(ii)
the aggregate Base Currency Amount of all outstanding L/Gs issued on behalf of the Company;
 
(iii)
the aggregate Base Currency Amount of all outstanding L/Gs issued in an Optional Currency not being either
USD, GBP or CHF; and
 
(iv)
all relevant information (including the name of the beneficiary of the L/G, the type of L/G, the L/G amount, the
date of issuance or prolongation and the initially fixed maturity date or Commercial Lifetime (and if applicable,
any prolongation thereof) of such L/G) with respect to any L/G outstanding.
 
(b)
The Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks may download copies of the Reports. In the event that the Agent and/or
any Issuing Bank discovers an error in the Reports, such Party shall notify the Company and the relevant other Parties
accordingly. Upon receipt of such notice, the relevant Parties shall seek mutual agreement on the relevant corrections
and any entries in the Electronic Platform shall be made or, as the case may be, corrected by the Company and/or the
relevant Issuing Bank accordingly. In the case that any such correction has an impact on the amount of any fees payable
or paid under this Agreement, the relevant Issuing Bank shall notify the Company of any such difference which shall be
taken into account by the Issuing Bank in the next notification to the Company and payment to the Lenders pursuant to
Clause 11.1 (Commitment fee) or Clause 11.2 (L/G fee).
 
38


[Page 56]
 
 
(c)
If the Electronic Platform is not available, each Issuing Bank shall upon request by the Agent provide the following
figures to the Agent for distribution to the other Issuing Banks and the Company:
 
(i)
the Base Currency Amount of all its outstanding L/Gs as determined for such day;
 
(ii)
the aggregate Base Currency Amount of all its outstanding L/Gs issued on behalf of the Company;
 
(iii)
the aggregate Base Currency Amount of all its outstanding L/Gs issued in an Optional Currency not being either
USD, GBP or CHF; and
 
(iv)
all relevant information (including the name of the beneficiary of the L/G, the type of L/G, the L/G amount, the
date of issuance or prolongation and the initially fixed maturity date or Commercial Lifetime (and if applicable,
any prolongation thereof) of such L/G) with respect to any of its L/G outstanding.
 
Paragraph (b) shall apply mutatis mutandis.
 
5.8
Affiliate of a Borrower
 
(a)
Subject to the terms of this Agreement, an Affiliate of a Borrower may with the approval of the relevant Issuing Bank
become a borrower (any such Affiliate, an "Affiliate Borrower") with respect to an L/G. An Affiliate of a Borrower
which is a party to an Existing L/G will become a borrower if the relevant Existing L/Gs have been rolled as L/Gs into
this Agreement.
 
(b)
The Company shall specify any relevant Affiliate Borrower in the Utilisation Request.
 
(c)
If a Borrower ceases to be a Borrower under this Agreement in accordance with Clause 24.3 (Resignation of a
Borrower), any Subsidiary of such Borrower that is an Affiliate Borrower shall cease to have any rights under this
Agreement and the Borrower is obliged to repay such L/G prior to ceasing to be a Borrower.
 
(d)
Where this Agreement or any other Finance Document imposes an obligation on a Borrower under an L/G and the
relevant borrower is an Affiliate Borrower which is not a party to that document, the relevant Borrower shall ensure that
the obligation is performed by its Affiliate.
 
(e)
Any reference in this Agreement or any other Finance Document to a Borrower being under no obligations (whether
actual or contingent) as a Borrower under such Finance Document shall be construed to include a reference to any
Affiliate of a Borrower being under no obligations under any Finance Document or L/G.
 
6.
REBASING
 
6.1
Determination of the Base Currency Amount
 
On the last Business Day of each calendar quarter (a "Calendar Quarter Date") on which at least one L/G is outstanding under
this Agreement which is denominated in an Optional Currency, the Electronic Platform shall automatically and, if the Electronic
Platform is not available, each relevant Issuing Bank shall determine the Base Currency Amount of each L/G outstanding by
notionally converting the amount of that L/G into the Base Currency on the basis of the Spot Rate of Exchange on the date of
calculation.
 
39


[Page 57]
 
 
6.2
Company's obligation to prepay
 
(a)
If with respect to a Calendar Quarter Date (each a "Rebasing Day") the aggregate Base Currency Amount of the
outstanding L/Gs of an Issuing Bank exceeds its Commitment applicable on that Rebasing Day (the exceeding amount
being the "Excess Amount"), the Company must, if requested by any Issuing Bank in writing to do so, within 10
Business Days following such request ensure that a sufficient amount of the outstanding L/Gs are prepaid by the
Borrowers (including, for the avoidance of doubt, by providing Cash Cover), in each case to eliminate the Excess
Amount.
 
(b)
If in respect of any Rebasing Day subsequent to a Rebasing Day in respect of which Cash Cover had been provided
pursuant to paragraph (a) the Excess Amount has been reduced, the whole or relevant part of the Cash Cover shall be
released within five Business Days of the relevant Rebasing Day provided that no Default has occurred which is
continuing.
 
7.
L/GS
 
7.1
Claims under an L/G
 
(a)
Each Borrower irrevocably and unconditionally authorises the relevant Issuing Bank to pay any claim made or purported
to be made under an L/G requested by it (or requested by the Company on its behalf) and which appears on its face to be
in order (in this Clause 7.1, a "claim") notwithstanding any defences against that claim which are or may be available to
it under the law applicable to that L/G and which arise from, or relate to, the underlying transaction.
 
(b)
Each Borrower shall immediately on demand pay to the relevant Issuing Bank an amount equal to the amount of any
claim.
 
(c)
Each Borrower acknowledges that an Issuing Bank:
 
(i)
is not obliged to carry out any investigation or notify or seek any confirmation from any other person (including
without limitation the Company and the Borrower) before paying a claim; and
 
(ii)
deals in documents only and will not be concerned with the legality of a claim or any underlying transaction or
any available set-off, counterclaim or other defence of any person (including without limitation any defences
which arise from, or relate to, the underlying transaction which are or may be available to that Issuing Bank
under the law applicable to the relevant L/G).
 
(d)
The obligations of a Borrower under this Clause will not be affected by:
 
(i)
the sufficiency, accuracy or genuineness of any claim or any other document; or
 
(ii)
any incapacity of, or limitation on the powers of, any person signing a claim or other document.
 
7.2
Indemnities
 
(a)
Each Borrower shall immediately on demand indemnify an Issuing Bank against any cost, loss or liability incurred by
that Issuing Bank (otherwise than by reason of that Issuing Bank's gross negligence, bad faith or wilful misconduct) in
acting as an Issuing Bank under any L/G requested by (or on behalf of) that Borrower.
 
40


[Page 58]
 
 
(b)
The obligations of any Borrower under this Clause will not be affected by any act, omission, matter or thing which, but
for this Clause, would reduce, release or prejudice any of its obligations under this Clause (without limitation and
whether or not known to it or any other person) including:
 
(i)
any time, waiver or consent granted to, or composition with, any Obligor, any beneficiary under an L/G or any
other person;
 
(ii)
the release of any other Obligor or any other person under the terms of any composition or arrangement with
any creditor or any member of the Group;
 
(iii)
the taking, variation, compromise, exchange, renewal or release of, or refusal or neglect to perfect, take up or
enforce, any rights against, or security over assets of, any Obligor, any beneficiary under an L/G or other person
or any non-presentation or non-observance of any formality or other requirement in respect of any instrument or
any failure to realise the full value of any security;
 
(iv)
any incapacity or lack of power, authority or legal personality of or dissolution or change in the members or
status of an Obligor or any beneficiary under an L/G or any other person;
 
(v)
any amendment (however fundamental) or replacement of a Finance Document consented to by the Company,
any L/G or any other document or security;
 
(vi)
any unenforceability, illegality or invalidity of any obligation of any person under any Finance Document, any
L/G or any other document or security; or
 
(vii)
any insolvency or similar proceedings.
 
(c)
Neither the Company nor any Borrower shall be entitled to reject payment otherwise due by it pursuant to this
Agreement on the basis of the argument that an L/G with respect to which an Issuing Bank claims payment should not
have been issued or should not have been issued under its terms by that Issuing Bank pursuant to the terms of this
Agreement or applicable law or regulations.
 
7.3
Rights of contribution
 
(a)
No Obligor will be entitled to any right of contribution or indemnity from any Finance Party in respect of any payment it
may make under this Clause 7.
 
(b)
No Issuing Bank will be entitled to any right of contribution or indemnity from any other Issuing Bank other than
pursuant to Clauses 27.6 (Loss Sharing in respect of L/Gs) and 27.7 (Sharing of Recoveries / Adjustment of Loss
Sharing).
 
8.
REPAYMENT
 
(a)
Subject to paragraph (b) below, each L/G which would otherwise be outstanding on the Termination Date shall be repaid
on the Termination Date.
 
(b)
In respect of each outstanding L/G the Maturity Date of which falls after the Termination Date, an Issuing Bank may
either:
 
(i)
continue to provide the respective L/G on a bilateral basis on terms and conditions agreed upon between that
Issuing Bank, the Company and the relevant Borrower in a separate agreement reasonably satisfactory to that
Issuing Bank to be reached no later than on the Termination Date;
 
41


[Page 59]
 
 
(ii)
continue to provide the respective L/G on a bilateral basis following receipt of a Counter Guarantee by no later
than the Termination Date; or
 
(iii)
require that Cash Cover (or such other security which is reasonably satisfactory to that Issuing Bank) is
provided by the relevant Borrower (or the Company) with respect to the counterindemnity obligations owed to
that Issuing Bank by the relevant Borrower in respect of the outstanding L/Gs issued by that Issuing Bank not
later than on the Termination Date.
 
(c)
Any negotiations between an Issuing Bank, the Company and the relevant Borrower about a bilateral continuation or the
terms and conditions and the implementation of the Cash Cover or other Security shall be made between that Issuing
Bank and the relevant Borrower directly without involvement of the Agent.
 
(d)
Each L/G outstanding on the Termination Date shall, in the case of a bilateral continuation of that L/G pursuant to
paragraph (b) above, for all purposes of this Agreement cease to be treated as an L/G issued under this Agreement as of
the Termination Date provided however that unless otherwise agreed by the relevant Issuing Bank the fees set out in
Clauses 11.2 (L/G fee) and 11.5 (Issuance and Administration Fee) shall continue to be payable. In addition, the fees set
out in Clause 11.2 (L/G fee) shall be reduced as set out in paragraph (a) of Clause 11.2 (L/G fee).
 
9.
PREPAYMENT AND CANCELLATION
 
9.1
Illegality
 
If, in any applicable jurisdiction, it becomes unlawful for a Lender to perform any of its obligations as contemplated by this
Agreement or to fund or maintain its participation in any Utilisation or it becomes unlawful for any Affiliate of a Lender for that
Lender to do so:
 
(a)
that Xxxxxx shall promptly notify the Agent upon becoming aware of that event;
 
(b)
upon the Agent notifying the Company, the Commitment of that Xxxxxx will be immediately cancelled and it shall not
be obliged to issue any L/G; and
 
(c)
each Borrower and the Company shall cooperate with the relevant Lender to seek a release by the relevant beneficiaries
of each L/G issued by that Lender and outstanding at such time and, if and to the extent an L/G is not released by the
date notified by that Lender, the Company shall, or shall procure that any relevant Borrower will, prepay all outstanding
L/Gs of that Lender.
 
9.2
Change of control
 
In the event of a Change of Control:
 
(a)
the Company shall promptly notify the Agent upon becoming aware of that event;
 
(b)
a Lender shall not be obliged to issue any L/Gs; and
 
(c)
if a Lender so requires and notifies the Agent within 10 days of being informed by the Agent of the event, the Agent
shall, by not less than 10 days' notice to the Company, cancel the Commitment of that Xxxxxx and declare the
participation of that Lender in all outstanding L/Gs, together with accrued L/G fees, and all other amounts accrued under
the Finance Documents owed to that Lender by the Obligors, immediately due and payable, whereupon the Commitment
of that Lender will be cancelled and all such
 
42


[Page 60]
 
 
 
outstanding amounts will become immediately due and payable and each Borrower shall prepay the relevant outstanding
L/Gs.
 
9.3
Voluntary cancellation
 
The Company may, if it gives the Agent not less than three Business Days' prior written notice (or such shorter period as the
Majority Lenders may agree), cancel the whole or any part (being a minimum amount of EUR 5,000,000) of the Available
Facility. Any cancellation under this Clause 9.3 shall reduce the Commitments of the Lenders rateably under the Facility.
 
9.4
Automatic cancellation
 
If the first Utilisation Date has not occurred by the date falling one Month after the date of this Agreement, the Facility will be
automatically cancelled in full.
 
9.5
Voluntary prepayment
 
A Borrower on whose request an L/G has been issued may, if it gives the relevant Issuing Bank not less than three Business Days'
prior notice (or such shorter period as the relevant Issuing Bank (or in case of any L/G issued by several Issuing Banks, all such
Issuing Banks) may agree), prepay the whole or any part of that L/G.
 
9.6
Right of replacement or repayment and cancellation in relation to a single Lender
 
(a)
If:
 
(i)
any sum payable to any Lender by an Obligor is required to be increased under paragraph (c) of Clause 12.2
(Tax gross-up);
 
(ii)
any Lender claims indemnification from the Company under Clause 12.3 (Tax indemnity) or Clause 13.1
(Increased costs); or
 
(iii)
any Lender is a Defaulting Lender;
 
the Company may, whilst the circumstance giving rise to the requirement for that increase, indemnification or
Defaulting Lender status continues, give the Agent notice of cancellation of the Commitment of that Lender and its
intention to procure the repayment of that Xxxxxx's participation in the L/Gs.
 
(b)
On receipt of a notice of cancellation referred to in paragraph (a) above, the Commitment of that Lender shall
immediately be reduced to zero.
 
(c)
Each Borrower to which a Utilisation is outstanding shall repay that Xxxxxx's participation in any such Utilisations.
 
(d)
The Company may, in the circumstances set out in paragraph (a) above, on three Business Days' prior notice to the Agent
and the Lender (or such shorter period as the Majority Lenders may agree), replace that Lender by requiring that Lender
to (and, to the extent permitted by law, that Lender shall) assign and transfer by way of assumption of contract
(Vertragsübernahme) pursuant to Clause 23 (Changes to the Lenders) all (and not part only) of its Available
Commitment under this Agreement to a Lender or other bank, financial institution, trust, fund or other entity (other than
a member of the Group) selected by the Company which confirms its willingness to assume and does assume all the
obligations of the transferring Lender in accordance with Clause 23 (Changes to the Lenders).
 
43


[Page 61]
 
 
(e)
The replacement of a Lender pursuant to paragraph (d) above shall be subject to the following conditions:
 
(i)
the Company shall have no right to replace the Agent;
 
(ii)
neither the Agent nor any Lender shall have any obligation to find a replacement Lender;
 
(iii)
in no event shall the Lender replaced under paragraph (d) above be required to pay or surrender any of the fees
received by such Lender pursuant to the Finance Documents; and
 
(iv)
the Lender shall only be obliged to assign and transfer its rights and obligations pursuant to paragraph (d) above
once it is satisfied that it has complied with all necessary "know your customer" or other similar checks under
all applicable laws and regulations in relation to that transfer.
 
(f)
A Lender shall perform the checks described in paragraph 9.6 (e)(iv) above as soon as reasonably practicable following
delivery of a notice referred to in paragraph (d) above and shall notify the Agent and the Company when it is satisfied
that it has complied with those checks.
 
9.7
Mandatory repayment and cancellation of Lenders
 
If on the date falling six months before the earliest FATCA Application Date for any payment by a Party to a Lender (or to the
Agent for the account of that Lender), that Lender is not a FATCA Exempt Party and, in the opinion of that Xxxxxx (acting
reasonably), that Party will, as a consequence, be required to make a FATCA Deduction from a payment to that Lender (or to the
Agent for the account of that Lender) on or after that FATCA Application Date (a "FATCA Event"):
 
(a)
that Lender shall, reasonably promptly after that date, notify the Agent of that FATCA Event and the relevant FATCA
Application Date;
 
(b)
if, on the date falling one month before such FATCA Application Date, that FATCA Event is continuing:
 
(i)
that Xxxxxx may, at any time between one month and two weeks before such FATCA Application Date, notify
the Agent;
 
(ii)
upon the Agent notifying the Company, the Commitment of that Xxxxxx will be immediately cancelled; and
 
(iii)
each Borrower shall repay that Xxxxxx's participation in the Utilisations made to that Borrower on the last
Business Day before the relevant FATCA Application Date.
 
9.8
Restrictions
 
(a)
Any notice of cancellation or prepayment given by any Party under this Clause 9 shall be irrevocable and, unless a
contrary indication appears in this Agreement, shall specify the date or dates upon which the relevant cancellation or
prepayment is to be made and the amount of that cancellation or prepayment.
 
(b)
Any prepayment under this Agreement shall be made together with accrued fees on the amount prepaid and without
premium or penalty.
 
44


[Page 62]
 
 
(c)
No Borrower may reborrow any part of the Facility which is prepaid (other than pursuant to Clause 9.5 (Voluntary
prepayment)) or cancelled pursuant to Clause 9.3 (Voluntary Cancellation) or Clause 9.4 (Automatic Cancellation).
 
(d)
The Borrowers shall not repay or prepay all or any part of the L/Gs or cancel all or any part of the Commitments except
at the times and in the manner expressly provided for in this Agreement.
 
(e)
Subject to Clause 2.2 (Increase), no amount of the Total Commitments cancelled under this Agreement may be
subsequently reinstated.
 
(f)
If the Agent receives a notice under this Clause 9 it shall promptly forward a copy of that notice to either the Company
or the affected Lender, as appropriate.
 
(g)
If all or part of an L/G is repaid or prepaid and is not available for redrawing (other than by operation of Clause 4.2
(Further conditions precedent)), an amount of the Commitments (equal to the Base Currency Amount of the amount of
the L/G which is repaid or prepaid) will be deemed to be cancelled on the date of repayment or prepayment.
 
(h)
Any prepayment of an outstanding L/G shall be made in the manner described in paragraph (b) of Clause 8 (Repayment)
and shall be subject to the continued payment of the L/G fees and administration fees as further specified in Clause 8
(Repayment).
 
10.
CASH COVER
 
(a)
Where any Borrower or the Company is obliged to provide "Cash Cover" for an L/G to an Issuing Bank under this
Agreement, cash cover is provided if that Borrower or the Company pays an amount in the currency in which that L/G is
denominated to an interest-bearing account in the name of that Borrower or the Company, as the case may be, and the
following conditions are met:
 
(i)
the account is with the relevant Issuing Bank or other party agreed by the Issuing Bank (if the Cash Cover is to
be provided to that Issuing Bank);
 
(ii)
until no amount is or may be outstanding under that L/G, withdrawals from the account may only be made to
pay the relevant Issuing Bank amounts due and payable to it under this Agreement in respect of that L/G,
subject to paragraph (c) below; and
 
(iii)
that Borrower or, as the case may be, the Company has executed a security document over that account, in form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to the relevant Issuing Banks with which that account is held, creating a
first ranking security interest over that account for the sole benefit of the relevant Issuing Bank (the "Cash
Cover Security Document"),
 
and the account will bear interest at a rate equal to: for GBP, XXXXX (Sterling Over Night Index Average), for USD,
FFE (Feds Funds Effective), for EUR, €STR (Euro short-term rate) and for CHF, SARON (Swiss Overnight Index
Average) (in each case as determined by the Issuing Bank and referred to as "Screen Rate") for deposits in that currency
for one month (if that amount is placed on a one month time deposit), or upon the request of any of the Issuing Banks
the applicable risk free rate for the relevant currency (GBP, USD, EUR or CHF), or otherwise (if it is not or if the
deposit is in a currency other than GBP, USD, EUR or CHF) at a normal commercial rate or as otherwise agreed
between the Company or the relevant Borrower with the relevant Issuing Bank.
 
45


[Page 63]
 
 
(b)
Where Cash Cover has been provided by a Borrower or the Company:
 
(i)
for an L/G and that L/G is subsequently repaid or prepaid (other than by the provision of Cash Cover), the
Issuing Banks shall repay to the relevant Borrower the Cash Cover held by it in an amount equal to the amount
of such repayment or prepayment (and, if that L/G is denominated in an Optional Currency, the amount repaid
or prepaid converted into the Base Currency at the Spot Rate of Exchange on the date of repayment or
prepayment) and shall, if the Borrower requests, execute such documentation as is necessary to discharge any
security interest over the account referred to above; or
 
(ii)
pursuant to Clause 6.2 (Company's obligation to prepay) and subsequently the amount by which the aggregate
amount of the Base Currency Amount of all L/Gs outstanding exceeds the Total Commitments is reduced to an
amount which is lower than the amount of the Cash Cover provided to the relevant Issuing Bank, the relevant
Issuing Bank shall repay to the relevant Borrower or the Company the Cash Cover held by it in an amount equal
to the difference and shall, if the Company requests, execute such documentation as is necessary to discharge
any security interest over the account referred to above,
 
in each case if no Event of Default has occurred which is continuing.
 
(c)
As long as no Event of Default has occurred which is continuing, interest paid on the Cash Cover shall be released at any
time to the Company or the Borrower providing the Cash Cover (as the case may be).
 
(d)
For the avoidance of doubt, any Cash Cover relating to an L/G shall be released at its Maturity Date, provided that the
relevant Issuing Bank has not received any demand of payment in respect of such L/G or, if so received, has been
reimbursed by the Company or the relevant Borrower.
 
11.
FEES
 
11.1
Commitment fee
 
(a)
The Company shall pay to each Issuing Bank a fee in the Base Currency computed at the rate of 35 per cent. of the then
applicable L/G fee on that Lender's Available Commitment for the Availability Period.
 
(b)
Subject to the terms of this Clause 11.1, the accrued commitment fee is payable in arrears for each successive period of
three Months ending on 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December and any shorter period ending on 30
June 2022, on the last day of the Availability Period and, if cancelled in full, in respect of the cancelled amount of the
relevant Lender's Commitment at the time the cancellation is effective.
 
(c)
The commitment fee shall be calculated by each Lender. Each Lender shall notify the Company in writing of the amount
of all such commitment fees owed to the relevant Lender within five Business Days after the end of each period set out
in paragraph (b) of this Clause 11.1. The Company shall pay the commitment fee to each Lender not later than on the
fifth Business Day following receipt by the Company of the notification from the Lender.
 
(d)
No commitment fee is payable to a Lender on any Available Commitment of that Lender for any day on which that
Lender is a Defaulting Lender.
 
46


[Page 64]
 
 
11.2
L/G fee
 
(a)
Each Borrower shall pay to the relevant Issuing Bank an L/G fee in the Base Currency (computed at the rate equal to the
L/G Fee Rate) on the outstanding amount of each L/G requested by it for the period from the date of issue of that L/G
until its Maturity Date. For the avoidance of doubt, such fee shall, if not otherwise agreed between the relevant Issuing
Bank and the Company (or the relevant Borrower) be reduced to 0.55 per cent. per annum in relation to and beginning at
the time any L/G has been repaid by way of Cash Cover or a Counter Guarantee prior to its Maturity Date.
 
(b)
The accrued L/G fee on an L/G shall be payable in arrears in respect of each period of three months ending on 31 March,
30 June, 30 September and 31 December (or any shorter periods ending on 30 June 2022, the Termination Date, the date
on which the Commitments of a Lender under this Agreement are cancelled in full or the date on which the Total
Commitments under this Agreement are cancelled in full) (each a "Calculation Period").
 
(c)
The L/G fee shall be calculated by the relevant Issuing Bank. The relevant Issuing Bank shall notify the Company in
writing of the aggregate amount of all such L/G Fees owed to it within five Business Days after the end of each
Calculation Period. The relevant Borrowers shall pay the respective amounts to the relevant Issuing Bank not later than
on the fifth Business Day following the notification by such Issuing Bank.
 
11.3
Arrangement and participation fee
 
The Company shall pay to the Arranger an arrangement fee and a participation fee in the amount and at the times agreed in the
Mandate Letter.
 
11.4
Agency fee
 
The Company shall pay to the Agent (for its own account) an agency fee in the amount and at the times agreed in the Agency Fee
Letter.
 
11.5
Issuance and Administration Fee
 
Each Borrower shall pay to the relevant Issuing Bank (for its own account) an issuance and administration fee in respect of each
L/G requested by it and issued by that Issuing Bank in the amount of EUR 50 per issued L/G or as otherwise agreed between that
Issuing Bank and the Company.
 
11.6
Default interest and lump sum damages
 
(a)
If an Obligor fails to pay any amount (other than default interest) payable by it under a Finance Document on its due
date, default interest shall accrue on the overdue amount from the due date up to the date of actual payment (both before
and after judgment) at a rate which complies with the rate set out in paragraph 288(2) of the German Civil Code
(Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch). If an Obligor fails to pay default interest payable by it under the Finance Documents on its
due date, lump sum damages (pauschalierter Schadensersatz) shall accrue on the overdue amount from the due date up
to the date of actual payment (both before and after judgment) at a rate which complies with the rate set out in paragraph
288(2) of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch). In the case of lump sum damages, the relevant Obligor
shall be free to prove that no damages have arisen or that damages have not arisen in the asserted amount and any
Finance Party shall be entitled to prove that further damages have arisen. Any interest or lump sum accruing under this
Clause 11.6 shall be immediately payable by the relevant Obligor on demand by the Agent.
 
47


[Page 65]
 
 
(b)
The Agent shall promptly notify the Lenders and the relevant Obligor of the determination of a rate of default interest
under this Agreement.
 
11.7
Minimum Fee Rates
 
(a)
The fee rates provided for in this Agreement, including this Clause 11 (Fees) are minimum fee rates.
 
(b)
When entering into this Agreement, the parties have assumed that the fees payable at the rates set out in this Agreement
are not and will not become subject to the Swiss Federal Withholding Tax. Notwithstanding that the parties do not
anticipate that any fee payment under this Agreement is or will be subject to the Swiss Federal Withholding Tax, they
agree that, in the event that Swiss Federal Withholding Tax should be imposed on fee payments by a Borrower and
should it be unlawful for such Borrower to comply with paragraph (c) of Clause 12.2 (Tax gross-up) for any reason
(where this would otherwise be required by the terms of Clause 12.2 (Tax gross-up), taking into account the exclusions
set out in paragraph (g) of Clause 12.2 (Tax gross-up)), the payment of such fees due by such Borrower shall be
increased to an amount which (after making any deduction of the Non-Refundable Portion (as defined below) of the
Swiss Federal Withholding Tax) results in a payment to each Finance Party entitled to such payment of an amount equal
to the payment which would have been due had no deduction of Swiss Federal Withholding Tax been required. For this
purpose, the Swiss Federal Withholding Tax shall be calculated on the full grossed-up interest amount.
 
(c)
For the purposes of this Clause, "Non-Refundable Portion" shall mean Swiss Federal Withholding Tax at the standard
rate (being, as at the date hereof, 35%) unless a tax ruling issued by the Swiss Federal Tax Administration (SFTA)
confirms that, in relation to a specific Finance Party based on an applicable double tax treaty, the Non-Refundable
Portion is a specified lower rate in which case such lower rate shall be applied in relation to such Finance Party and each
Borrower shall provide to the Agent the documents required by law or applicable double taxation treaties for the Finance
Parties to claim a refund of any Swiss Federal Withholding Tax so deducted.
 
12.
TAX GROSS UP AND INDEMNITIES
 
12.1
Definitions
 
(a)
In this Agreement:
 
"Borrower DTTP Filing" means an HM Revenue & Customs' Form DTTP2 duly completed and filed by the relevant Borrower,
which:
 
(i)
where it relates to a Treaty Lender that is an Original Lender, contains the scheme reference number and
jurisdiction of tax residence stated opposite that Xxxxxx's name in Part 2 of Schedule 1 (The Original Parties),
and:
 
(A)
where the Borrower is an Original Borrower, is filed with HM Revenue & Customs within 30 days of
the date of this Agreement; or
 
(B)
where the Borrower is an Additional Borrower, is filed with HM Revenue & Customs within 30 days
of the date on which that Borrower becomes an Additional Borrower; or
 
(ii)
where it relates to a Treaty Lender that is a New Lender or an Increase Lender, contains the scheme reference
number and jurisdiction of tax residence stated
 
48


[Page 66]
 
 
 
 
in respect of that Lender in the relevant Transfer Certificate or Increase Confirmation (as applicable),
and:
 
 
 
(A)
where the Borrower is a Borrower as at the relevant Transfer Date or Increase Date (as applicable), is
filed with HM Revenue & Customs within 30 days of that Transfer Date or Increase Date (as
applicable); or
 
(B)
where the Borrower is not a Borrower as at the relevant Transfer Date or Increase Date (as applicable),
is filed with HM Revenue & Customs within 30 days of the date on which that Borrower becomes an
Additional Borrower.
 
"German Borrower" means a Borrower incorporated in Germany.
 
"Protected Party" means a Finance Party which is or will be subject to any liability, or required to make any payment, for or on
account of Tax in relation to a sum received or receivable (or any sum deemed for the purposes of Tax to be received or
receivable) under a Finance Document.
 
"Qualifying Lender" means:
 
(i)
in respect of interest payable by a German Borrower, a Lender which is beneficially entitled to interest payable
to that Lender in respect of an advance under a Finance Document and is:
 
(A)
lending through a Facility Office in Germany; or
 
(B)
a Treaty Lender;
 
(ii)
in respect of interest payable by a UK Borrower:
 
(A)
a Lender which is beneficially entitled to interest payable to that Lender in respect of an advance under
a Finance Document and is:
 
(1)
a Lender:
 
(a)
which is a bank (as defined for the purpose of section 879 of the ITA) making an
advance under a Finance Document and is within the charge to United Kingdom
corporation tax as respects any payments of interest made in respect of that advance
or would be within such charge as respects such payments apart from section 18A of
the CTA; or
 
(b)
in respect of an advance made under a Finance Document by a person that was a
bank (as defined for the purpose of section 879 of the ITA) at the time that that
advance was made and within the charge to United Kingdom corporation tax as
respects any payments of interest made in respect of that advance; or
 
(2)
a Lender which is:
 
(a)
a company resident in the United Kingdom for United Kingdom tax purposes;
 
49


[Page 67]
 
 
(b)
a partnership each member of which is:
 
(1)
a company so resident in the United Kingdom; or
 
(2)
a company not so resident in the United Kingdom which carries on a trade
in the United Kingdom through a permanent establishment and which brings
into account in computing its chargeable profits (within the meaning of
section 19 of the CTA) the whole of any share of interest payable in respect
of that advance that falls to it by reason of Part 17 of the CTA;
 
(c)
a company not so resident in the United Kingdom which carries on a trade in the
United Kingdom through a permanent establishment and which brings into account
interest payable in respect of that advance in computing the chargeable profits (within
the meaning of section 19 of the CTA) of that company; or
 
(3)
a Treaty Lender; or
 
(B)
a Lender which is a building society (as defined for the purpose of section 880 of the ITA) making an
advance under a Finance Document.
 
(iii)
in respect of a U.S. Borrower, a Lender that has satisfied its obligations under paragraph (f) of Clause 12.2 (Tax
gross-up);
 
(iv)
in respect of any other Borrower, any Lender.
 
"Tax Confirmation" means a confirmation by a Lender that the person beneficially entitled to interest payable to that Lender in
respect of an advance under a Finance Document is either:
 
(i)
a company resident in the United Kingdom for United Kingdom tax purposes;
 
(ii)
a partnership each member of which is:
 
(A)
a company so resident in the United Kingdom; or
 
(B)
a company not so resident in the United Kingdom which carries on a trade in the United Kingdom
through a permanent establishment and which brings into account in computing its chargeable profits
(within the meaning of section 19 of the CTA) the whole of any share of interest payable in respect of
that advance that falls to it by reason of Part 17 of the CTA; or
 
(iii)
a company not so resident in the United Kingdom which carries on a trade in the United Kingdom through a
permanent establishment and which brings into account interest payable in respect of that advance in computing
the chargeable profits (within the meaning of section 19 of the CTA) of that company.
 
50


[Page 68]
 
 
"Tax Credit" means a credit against, relief or remission for, or refund or repayment of any Tax.
 
"Tax Deduction" means a deduction or withholding for or on account of Tax from a payment under a Finance Document, other
than a FATCA Deduction.
 
"Tax Payment" means either the increase in a payment made by an Obligor to a Finance Party under Clause 12.2 (Tax gross-up)
or a payment under Clause 12.3 (Tax indemnity).
 
"Treaty Lender" means a Lender which:
 
(i)
is treated as a resident of a Treaty State for the purposes of the Treaty;
 
(ii)
does not carry on a business in the jurisdiction of incorporation of the relevant Borrower through a permanent
establishment with which that Xxxxxx's participation in the Utilisation is effectively connected; and
 
(iii)
meets all other conditions of the relevant Treaty for full exemption taxation on interest of the jurisdiction of
incorporation of the relevant Borrower, subject to the completion of any necessary procedural formalities.
 
"Treaty State" means a jurisdiction having a double taxation agreement (a "Treaty") with the jurisdiction of incorporation of the
relevant Borrower which makes provision for full exemption for tax imposed by the jurisdiction of incorporation of the relevant
Borrower on interest.
 
"UK Borrower" means a Borrower incorporated in the United Kingdom.
 
"UK Non-Bank Lender" means:
 
(i)
where a Lender becomes a Party on the day on which this Agreement is entered into, a Lender listed in Part 2 of
Schedule 1 (The Original Parties); and
 
(ii)
where a Lender becomes a Party after the day on which this Agreement is entered into, a Lender which gives a
Tax Confirmation in the Transfer Certificate which it executes on becoming a Party.
 
(b)
Unless a contrary indication appears, in this Clause 12 a reference to "determines" or "determined" means a
determination made in the absolute discretion of the person making the determination, acting reasonably and in good
faith.
 
12.2
Tax gross-up
 
(a)
Each Obligor shall make all payments to be made by it without any Tax Deduction, unless a Tax Deduction is required
by law.
 
(b)
The Company shall promptly upon becoming aware that an Obligor must make a Tax Deduction (or that there is any
change in the rate or the basis of a Tax Deduction) notify the Agent accordingly. Similarly, a Lender shall notify the
Agent on becoming so aware in respect of a payment payable to that Lender. If the Agent receives such notification from
a Lender, it shall notify the Company and that Obligor.
 
(c)
If a Tax Deduction is required by law to be made by or on behalf of an Obligor, the amount of the payment due from that
Obligor shall be increased to an amount which (after making any Tax Deduction) leaves an amount equal to the payment
which would have been due if no Tax Deduction had been required.
 
51


[Page 69]
 
 
(d)
A payment shall not be increased under paragraph (c) above by reason of a Tax Deduction on account of Tax (other than
Swiss Federal Withholding Tax in which case paragraph (g) shall apply) imposed on payments of interest by the
jurisdiction of incorporation of the relevant Borrower if on the date on which the payment falls due:
 
(i)
the payment could have been made to the relevant Lender without a Tax Deduction if the Lender had been a
Qualifying Lender with respect to the relevant Borrower, but on that date that Lender is not or has ceased to be a
Qualifying Lender with respect to the relevant Borrower other than as a result of any change after the date it
became a Lender under this Agreement in (or in the interpretation, administration, or application of) any law or
Treaty, or any published practice or published concession of any relevant taxing authority;
 
(ii)
the relevant Lender is a Treaty Lender and the Obligor making the payment is able to demonstrate that the
payment could have been made to the Lender without the Tax Deduction had that Lender complied with its
obligations under paragraph (j) or (with respect to payments by a UK Borrower) paragraph (k) below;
 
(iii)
the relevant Lender is a Qualifying Lender solely by virtue of paragraph (ii)(A)(2) of the definition of
Qualifying Lender; and
 
(A)
an officer of HM Revenue & Customs has given (and not revoked) a direction (a "Direction") under
section 931 of the ITA which relates to the payment and that Xxxxxx has received from the Obligor
making the payment or from the Company a certified copy of that Direction; and
 
(B)
the payment could have been made to the Lender without any Tax Deduction if that Direction had not
been made; or
 
(iv)
the relevant Lender is a Qualifying Lender solely by virtue of paragraph (ii)(A)(2) of the definition of
Qualifying Lender; and
 
(A)
the relevant Lender has not given a Tax Confirmation to the Company; and
 
(B)
the payment could have been made to the Lender without any Tax Deduction if the Lender had given a
Tax Confirmation to the Company, on the basis that the Tax Confirmation would have enabled the
Company to have formed a reasonable belief that the payment was an "excepted payment" for the
purpose of section 930 of the ITA.
 
(e)
A payment shall not be increased under paragraph (c) above by reason of a Tax Deduction on account of Tax (other than
Swiss Federal Withholding Tax in which case paragraph (g) shall apply) imposed by the jurisdiction of incorporation of
the relevant Borrower if on the date on which the payment falls due, such payment relates to:
 
(i)
Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, or branch profits Taxes,
in each case:
 
(A)
imposed as a result of the recipient Lender being organised under the laws of, or having its principal
office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing
such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof); or
 
52


[Page 70]
 
 
(B)
that are Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such recipient Lender and
the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Lender having executed,
delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or
perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any
Finance Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any L/G or Finance Document);
 
(ii)
in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of
such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in an L/G or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the
date on which:
 
(A)
such Lender acquires such interest in the L/G or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment
request by the Borrower under Clause 9.6 (Right of replacement or repayment and cancellation in
relation to a single Lender)); or
 
(B)
such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to this Clause
12, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender's assignor immediately
before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending
office;
 
(iii)
Taxes attributable to such Xxxxxx's failure to comply with this paragraph (e) or paragraph (f) of this Clause
12.2.
 
(f)
Status of Lenders
 
(i)
Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments
made under any Finance Document shall deliver to the Borrowers and the Agent, prior to the date on which
such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement or acquired an interest therein and at the time or times
reasonably requested by the Borrowers or the Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation
reasonably requested by the Borrowers or the Agent as will permit such payments to be made without
withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the
Borrowers or the Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably
requested by the Borrowers or the Agent as will enable the Borrowers or the Agent to determine whether or not
such Lender is subject to US backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such
documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 12.2(f)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and 12.8(e) below, or
the UK tax documentation required under Section 12.2(j)(ii)) shall not be required if in the Lender’s reasonable
judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed
cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender.
 
(ii)
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the case of a U.S. Borrower:
 
(A)
any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to such U.S. Borrower and the Agent (in such number of
copies as shall be reasonably requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Lender
 
53


[Page 71]
 
 
 
 
becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request
of such U.S. Borrower or the Agent), duly executed copies of IRS Form W-9 or successor form
certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax;
 
 
 
(B)
any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to such U.S. Borrower and
the Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on
which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter
upon the reasonable request of such U.S. Borrower or the Agent), whichever of the following is
applicable;
 
(I)
duly executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN/W-8BEN-E establishing any exemption or
reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Finance
Document;
 
(II)
duly executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI;
 
(III)
in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest
under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit H-1 to
the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a "bank" within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)
(A) of the Code, a "10 percent shareholder" of such U.S. Borrower within the meaning of
Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a "controlled foreign corporation" described in
Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a "U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate") and (y) executed
copies of IRS Form W-8BEN/W-8BEN-E; or
 
(IV)
to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-
8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN/W-8BEN-E, a U.S. Tax
Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit H-2 or Exhibit H-3, IRS Form W-
9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided
that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such
Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may
provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit H-4 on behalf
of each such direct and indirect partner;
 
(C)
any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to such U.S. Borrower and
the Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on
which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter
upon the reasonable request of such U.S. Borrower or the Agent), executed copies of any other form
prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal
withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be
prescribed by applicable law to permit such U.S. Borrower or the Agent to determine the withholding
or deduction required to be made.
 
54


[Page 72]
 
 
(iii)
Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or
inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the
Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so.
 
(g)
A Borrower shall not be required to make an increased payment to a specific Lender under paragraph (c) above by
reason of a Tax Deduction by a Borrower on account of Swiss Federal Withholding Tax if the number of Lenders under
this Agreement that are not Swiss Qualifying Banks exceeds 10 (ten) solely because such Lender (i) has failed to comply
with its obligations under Clause 23 (Changes to Lenders) or (ii) ceased to be a Swiss Qualifying Bank other than as a
result of any change after the date it became a Finance Party under this Agreement in (or in the interpretation,
administration or application of) any law or any published practice or concession of any relevant taxing authority.
 
(h)
If an Obligor is required to make a Tax Deduction, that Obligor shall make that Tax Deduction and any payment required
in connection with that Tax Deduction within the time allowed and in the minimum amount required by law.
 
(i)
Within thirty days of making either a Tax Deduction or any payment required in connection with that Tax Deduction, the
Obligor making that Tax Deduction shall deliver to the Agent for the Finance Party entitled to the payment evidence
reasonably satisfactory to that Finance Party that the Tax Deduction has been made or (as applicable) any appropriate
payment paid to the relevant taxing authority.
 
 
(j)
(i)
Subject to sub-paragraph (ii) below, a Treaty Lender, and each Obligor which makes a payment to which that
Treaty Lender is entitled, shall co-operate in completing any procedural formalities necessary for that Obligor to
obtain authorisation to make that payment without a Tax Deduction;
 
(ii)
(A)
a Treaty Lender with respect to a UK Borrower which becomes a Party on the day on which this
Agreement is entered into that holds a passport under the HMRC DT Treaty Passport scheme, and
which wishes that scheme to apply to this Agreement, shall confirm its scheme reference number and
its jurisdiction of tax residence opposite its name in Part 2 of Schedule 1 (The Original Parties); and
 
(B)
a New Lender or an Increase Lender that is a Treaty Lender with respect to a UK Borrower and that
holds a passport under the HMRC DT Treaty Passport scheme, and which wishes that scheme to apply
to this Agreement, shall confirm its scheme reference number and its jurisdiction of tax residence in
the Transfer Certificate or Increase Confirmation (as applicable) which it executes,
 
and, having done so, that Lender shall be under no obligation pursuant to sub-paragraph (i) above.
 
(k)
If a Lender has confirmed its scheme reference number and its jurisdiction of tax residence in accordance with paragraph
12.2(j)(ii) above and:
 
(i)
a Borrower making a payment to that Lender has not made a Borrower DTTP Filing in respect of that Lender;
or
 
(ii)
a Borrower making a payment to that Xxxxxx has made a Borrower DTTP Filing in respect of that Lender but:
 
55


[Page 73]
 
 
(A)
that Borrower DTTP Filing has been rejected by HM Revenue & Customs;
 
(B)
HM Revenue & Customs has not given the Borrower authority to make payments to that Lender
without a Tax Deduction within 40 days of the date of the Borrower DTTP Filing; or
 
(C)
HM Revenue & Customs has given the Borrower authority to make payments to that Lender without a
Tax Deduction but such authority has subsequently been revoked, suspended or expired,
 
and in each case, the Borrower has notified that Xxxxxx in writing, that Xxxxxx and the Borrower shall co-
operate in completing any additional procedural formalities necessary for that Borrower to obtain authorisation
to make that payment without a Tax Deduction.
 
(l)
If a Lender has not confirmed its scheme reference number and jurisdiction of tax residence in accordance with
paragraph 12.2(j)(ii) above, no Obligor shall make a Borrower DTTP Filing or file any other form relating to the HMRC
DT Treaty Passport scheme in respect of that Xxxxxx's Commitment(s) or its participation in any Utilisation unless the
Lender otherwise agrees.
 
(m)
A Borrower shall, promptly on making a Borrower DTTP Filing, deliver a copy of that Borrower DTTP Filing to the
Agent for delivery to the relevant Lender.
 
(n)
A UK Non-Bank Lender which becomes a Party on the day on which this Agreement is entered into gives a Tax
Confirmation to the Company by entering into this Agreement.
 
(o)
A UK Non-Bank Lender shall promptly notify the Company and the Agent if there is any change in the position from
that set out in the Tax Confirmation.
 
12.3
Tax indemnity
 
(a)
The Company shall (within five Business Days of demand by the Agent) pay to a Protected Party an amount equal to the
loss, liability or cost which that Protected Party determines will be or has been (directly or indirectly) suffered for or on
account of Tax by that Protected Party in respect of a Finance Document.
 
(b)
Paragraph 12.3(a) above shall not apply:
 
(i)
with respect to any Tax assessed on a Finance Party:
 
(A)
under the law of the jurisdiction in which that Finance Party is incorporated or, if different, the
jurisdiction (or jurisdictions) in which that Finance Party is treated as resident for tax purposes; or
 
(B)
under the law of the jurisdiction in which that Finance Party's Facility Office is located in respect of
amounts received or receivable in that jurisdiction,
 
if that Tax is imposed on or calculated by reference to the net income received or receivable (but not any sum
deemed to be received or receivable) by that Finance Party; or
 
(ii)
to the extent a loss, liability or cost:
 
56


[Page 74]
 
 
(A)
is compensated for by an increased payment under Clause 12.2 (Tax gross-up) or Clause 11.7
(Minimum Fee Rates);
 
(B)
would have been compensated for by an increased payment under Clause 12.2 (Tax gross-up) or Clause
11.7 (Minimum Fee Rates) but was not so compensated solely because one of the exclusions in
paragraph (d), (e) or (g) of Clause 12.2 (Tax gross-up) or in paragraph (b) of Clause 11.7 (Minimum
Fee Rates) applied;
 
(C)
relates to a FATCA Deduction required to be made by a Party; or
 
(D)
relates to any Bank Levy.
 
(c)
A Protected Party making, or intending to make a claim under paragraph (a) above shall promptly notify the Agent of the
event which will give, or has given, rise to the claim, following which the Agent shall notify the Company.
 
(d)
A Protected Party shall, on receiving a payment from an Obligor under this Clause 12.3, notify the Agent.
 
12.4
Tax Credit
 
If an Obligor makes a Tax Payment and the relevant Finance Party determines that:
 
(a)
a Tax Credit is attributable to an increased payment of which that Tax Payment forms part, to that Tax Payment or to a
Tax Deduction in consequence of which that Tax Payment was required; and
 
(b)
that Finance Party has obtained and utilised that Tax Credit,
 
the Finance Party shall pay an amount to the Obligor which that Finance Party determines will leave it (after that payment) in the
same after-Tax position as it would have been in had the Tax Payment not been required to be made by the Obligor. If a Finance
Party makes a payment to an Obligor pursuant to this Clause 12.4 in connection with a Tax Credit, the Obligor, upon the request
of the Finance Party, shall repay to the Finance Party such amount that was paid pursuant to Clause 12.4 (plus any penalties,
interest or other charges imposed by the relevant governmental or taxing authority) in the event that the Finance Party loses the
benefit of, or has to repay to such governmental or taxing authority, such Tax Credit.
 
12.5
Lender Status Confirmation
 
Each Lender which becomes a Party to this Agreement after the date of this Agreement shall indicate, in the Transfer Certificate
or Increase Confirmation which it executes on becoming a Party, and for the benefit of the Agent and without liability to any
Obligor, which of the following categories it falls in with respect to each relevant Borrower:
 
(a)
not a Qualifying Lender;
 
(b)
a Qualifying Lender (other than a Treaty Lender); or
 
(c)
a Treaty Lender.
 
If a New Lender or Increase Lender fails to indicate its status in accordance with this Clause 12.5 with respect to a German
Borrower, a UK Borrower or a U.S. Borrower (as applicable), then such New Lender or Increase Lender shall be treated for the
purposes of this Agreement (including by each Obligor) as if it is not a Qualifying Lender with respect to such Borrower until
such time as it notifies the Agent which category applies (and the Agent, upon receipt of
 
57


[Page 75]
 
 
such notification, shall inform the Company). For the avoidance of doubt, a Transfer Certificate or Increase Confirmation shall
not be invalidated by any failure of a Lender to comply with this Clause 12.5.
 
12.6
Stamp taxes
 
The Company shall pay and, within five Business Days of demand, indemnify each Finance Party against any cost, loss or
liability that Finance Party incurs in relation to all stamp duty, registration and other similar Taxes payable in respect of any
Finance Document.
 
12.7
VAT
 
(a)
All amounts expressed to be payable under a Finance Document by any Party to a Finance Party which (in whole or in
part) constitute the consideration for any supply for VAT purposes are deemed to be exclusive of any VAT which is
chargeable on that supply, and accordingly, subject to paragraph (b) below, if VAT is or becomes chargeable on any
supply made by any Finance Party to any Party under a Finance Document and such Finance Party is required to account
to the relevant tax authority for the VAT, that Party must pay to such Finance Party (in addition to and at the same time as
paying any other consideration for such supply) an amount equal to the amount of the VAT (and such Finance Party must
promptly provide an appropriate VAT invoice to that Party).
 
(b)
If VAT is or becomes chargeable on any supply made by any Finance Party (the "Supplier") to any other Finance Party
(the "Recipient") under a Finance Document, and any Party other than the Recipient (the "Relevant Party") is required
by the terms of any Finance Document to pay an amount equal to the consideration for that supply to the Supplier (rather
than being required to reimburse or indemnify the Recipient in respect of that consideration):
 
(i)
(where the Supplier is the person required to account to the relevant tax authority for the VAT) the Relevant
Party must also pay to the Supplier (at the same time as paying that amount) an additional amount equal to the
amount of the VAT. The Recipient must (where this paragraph (b)(i) applies) promptly pay to the Relevant Party
an amount equal to any credit or repayment the Recipient receives from the relevant tax authority which the
Recipient reasonably determines relates to the VAT chargeable on that supply; and
 
(ii)
(where the Recipient is the person required to account to the relevant tax authority for the VAT) the Relevant
Party must promptly, following demand from the Recipient, pay to the Recipient an amount equal to the VAT
chargeable on that supply but only to the extent that the Recipient reasonably determines that it is not entitled to
credit or repayment from the relevant tax authority in respect of that VAT.
 
(c)
Where a Finance Document requires any Party to reimburse or indemnify a Finance Party for any cost or expense, that
Party at the same time shall reimburse or indemnify (as the case may be) such Finance Party for the full amount of such
cost or expense, including such part thereof as represents VAT, save to the extent that such Finance Party reasonably
determines that it is entitled to credit or repayment in respect of such VAT from the relevant tax authority.
 
(d)
Any reference in this Clause 12.7 to any party shall, at any time when such party is treated as a member of a group for
VAT purposes, include (where appropriate and unless the context otherwise requires) a reference to the person who is
treated as making the supply or (as appropriate) receiving the supply under the grouping rules (as
 
58


[Page 76]
 
 
 
 
provided for in Article 11 of the Council Directive 2006/112/EC (or as implemented by the relevant member state of the
European Union or any other similar provision in any jurisdiction which is not a member state of the European Union))
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, in accordance with section 43 of the United Kingdom Value Added Tax Act
1994) so that a reference to a Party shall be construed as a reference to that Party or the relevant group or unity (or fiscal
unity) of which that Party is a member for VAT purposes at the relevant time or the relevant member (or head) of that
group or unity (or fiscal unity) at the relevant time (as the case may be).
 
 
 
(e)
In relation to any supply made by a Finance Party to any Party under a Finance Document, if reasonably requested by
such Finance Party, that Party must promptly provide such Finance Party with details of that Party's VAT registration and
such other information as is reasonably requested in connection with such Finance Party's VAT reporting requirements in
relation to such supply.
 
12.8
FATCA Information
 
(a)
Subject to paragraph (c) below, each Party shall within ten Business Days of a reasonable request by another Party:
 
(i)
confirm to that other Party whether it is:
 
(A)
a FATCA Exempt Party; or
 
(B)
not a FATCA Exempt Party; and
 
(ii)
supply to that other Party such forms, documentation and other information relating to its status under FATCA
as that other Party reasonably requests for the purposes of that other Party's compliance with FATCA; and
 
(iii)
supply to that other Party such forms, documentation and other information relating to its status as that other
Party reasonably requests for the purposes of that other Party's compliance with any other law, regulation, or
exchange of information regime.
 
(b)
If a Party confirms to another Party pursuant to paragraph (a)(i) above that it is a FATCA Exempt Party and it
subsequently becomes aware that it is not, or has ceased to be a FATCA Exempt Party, that Party shall notify that other
Party reasonably promptly.
 
(c)
Paragraph (a) above shall not oblige any Finance Party to do anything, and paragraph (a)(iii) above shall not oblige any
other Party to do anything, which would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of:
 
(i)
any law or regulation;
 
(ii)
any fiduciary duty; or
 
(iii)
any duty of confidentiality.
 
(d)
If a Party fails to confirm whether or not it is a FATCA Exempt Party or to supply forms, documentation or other
information requested in accordance with paragraph (a)(i) or (a)(ii) above (including, for the avoidance of doubt, where
paragraph (c) above applies), then such Party shall be treated for the purposes of the Finance Documents (and payments
under them) as if it is not a FATCA Exempt Party until such time as the Party in question provides the requested
confirmation, forms, documentation or other information.
 
59


[Page 77]
 
 
(e)
If a Borrower is a U.S. Tax Obligor or the Agent reasonably believes that its obligations under FATCA or any other
applicable law or regulation require it, each Lender shall, within ten Business Days of:
 
(i)
where an Original Borrower is a U.S. Tax Obligor and the relevant Lender is an Original Lender, the date of this
Agreement;
 
(ii)
where a Borrower is a U.S. Tax Obligor on a date on which any other Lender becomes a Party as a Lender, that
date;
 
(iii)
the date a new U.S. Tax Obligor accedes as a Borrower; or
 
(iv)
where a Borrower is not a U.S. Tax Obligor, the date of a request from the Agent,
 
supply to the Agent:
 
(A) a withholding certificate on Form W-8, Form W-9 or any other relevant form; or
 
(B) any withholding statement or other document, authorisation or waiver as the Agent may require to certify or
establish the status of such Lender under FATCA or that other law or regulation.
 
(f)
The Agent shall provide any withholding certificate, withholding statement, document, authorisation or waiver it
receives from a Lender pursuant to paragraph (e) above to the relevant Borrower.
 
(g)
If any withholding certificate, withholding statement, document, authorisation or waiver provided to the Agent by a
Lender pursuant to paragraph (e) above is or becomes materially inaccurate or incomplete, that Lender shall promptly
update it and provide such updated withholding certificate, withholding statement, document, authorisation or waiver to
the Agent unless it is unlawful for the Lender to do so (in which case the Lender shall promptly notify the Agent). The
Agent shall provide any such updated withholding certificate, withholding statement, document, authorisation or waiver
to the relevant Borrower.
 
(h)
The Agent may rely on any withholding certificate, withholding statement, document, authorisation or waiver it receives
from a Lender pursuant to paragraph (e) or (g) above without further verification. The Agent shall not be liable for any
action taken by it under or in connection with paragraphs (e), (f) or (g) above.
 
12.9
FATCA Deduction
 
(a)
Each Party may make any FATCA Deduction it is required to make by FATCA, and any payment required in connection
with that FATCA Deduction, and no Party shall be required to increase any payment in respect of which it makes such a
FATCA Deduction or otherwise compensate the recipient of the payment for that FATCA Deduction.
 
(b)
Each Party shall promptly, upon becoming aware that it must make a FATCA Deduction (or that there is any change in
the rate or the basis of such FATCA Deduction), notify the Party to whom it is making the payment and, in addition,
shall notify the Company and the Agent and the Agent shall notify the other Finance Parties.
 
13.
INCREASED COSTS
 
13.1
Increased costs
 
60


[Page 78]
 
 
(a)
Subject to Clause 13.3 (Exceptions) the Company shall pay for the account of a Finance Party the amount of any
Increased Costs incurred by that Finance Party or any of its Affiliates as a result of (i) the introduction of or any change
in (or in the interpretation, administration or application of) any law or regulation or (ii) compliance with any law or
regulation in each case made after the date of this Agreement; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, (x) the Xxxx-Xxxxx Xxxx Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or
directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated
by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar
authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be
deemed to be have been introduced after the date of this Agreement, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued.
 
(b)
In this Agreement "Increased Costs" means:
 
(i)
a reduction in the rate of return from the Facility or on a Finance Party's (or its Affiliate's) overall capital;
 
(ii)
an additional or increased cost; or
 
(iii)
a reduction of any amount due and payable under any Finance Document,
 
which is incurred or suffered by a Finance Party or any of its Affiliates to the extent that it is attributable to that Finance
Party having entered into its Commitment or funding or performing its obligations under any Finance Document. Such
amounts shall be determined in good faith consistent with similarly situated customers of the applicable Finance Party
under agreements having provisions similar to this Clause 13.1 after consideration of such factors as such Finance Party
then reasonably determines to be relevant.
 
13.2
Increased cost claims
 
(a)
A Finance Party intending to make a claim pursuant to Clause 13.1 (Increased costs) shall notify the Agent of the event
giving rise to the claim, following which the Agent shall promptly notify the Company.
 
(b)
A certificate of the affected Finance Party setting forth, in reasonable detail, the basis and calculation of the amount or
amounts necessary to compensate such Finance Party or its Affiliates, as the case may be, as specified in Clauses
13.1(a) or (b) shall be delivered to the Company and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Company shall pay,
or cause the other Borrowers to pay, such Finance Party, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such
certificate within fifteen (15) days after receipt thereof.
 
13.3
Exceptions
 
(a)
Clause 13.1 (Increased costs) does not apply to the extent any Increased Cost is:
 
(i)
attributable to a Tax Deduction required by law to be made by an Obligor;
 
(ii)
attributable to a FATCA Deduction required to be made by a Party;
 
(iii)
compensated for by Clause 12.3 (Tax indemnity) (or would have been compensated for under Clause 12.3 (Tax
indemnity) but was not so
 
61


[Page 79]
 
 
 
 
compensated solely because any of the exclusions in paragraph (b) of Clause 12.3 (Tax indemnity) applied);
 
 
 
(iv)
attributable to the wilful breach by the relevant Finance Party or its Affiliates of any law or regulation;
 
(v)
incurred more than 180 days prior to the date that such Finance Party notifies the Company of the circumstance
giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Finance Party's intention to claim compensation
therefore; provided further that, if the circumstance giving rise to such Increased Costs is retroactive, then the
180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof; or
 
(vi)
attributable to any Bank Levy.
 
(b)
In this Clause 13.3, a reference to a "Tax Deduction" has the same meaning given to the term in Clause 12.1
(Definitions).
 
14.
OTHER INDEMNITIES
 
14.1
Currency indemnity
 
(a)
If any sum due from an Obligor under the Finance Documents (a "Sum"), or any order, judgment or award given or
made in relation to a Sum, has to be converted from the currency (the "First Currency") in which that Sum is payable
into another currency (the "Second Currency") for the purpose of:
 
(i)
making or filing a claim or proof against that Obligor;
 
(ii)
obtaining or enforcing an order, judgment or award in relation to any litigation or arbitration proceedings,
 
that Obligor shall as an independent obligation, within five Business Days of demand, indemnify each Finance Party to
whom that Sum is due against any cost, loss or liability arising out of or as a result of the conversion including any
discrepancy between (A) the rate of exchange used to convert that Sum from the First Currency into the Second
Currency and (B) the rate or rates of exchange available to that person at the time of its receipt of that Sum.
 
(b)
Each Obligor waives any right it may have in any jurisdiction to pay any amount under the Finance Documents in a
currency or currency unit other than that in which it is expressed to be payable.
 
14.2
Other indemnities
 
Subject to and without any duplication of Clause 16.3 (Enforcement Costs) which shall prevail over this Clause 14.2, the
Company shall (or shall procure that an Obligor will), within five Business Days of demand, indemnify each Finance Party
against any cost (which in the case of counsel, shall be limited to the fees, charges and disbursements of (x) one primary counsel
and one local counsel in each applicable jurisdiction for the Agent, (y) one additional primary counsel and one additional local
counsel in each applicable jurisdiction, for all Lenders other than the Agent and (z) additional counsel for affected Lenders in
light of actual or potential conflicts of interest), loss or liability incurred by that Finance Party as a result of:
 
(a)
the occurrence of any Event of Default;
 
62


[Page 80]
 
 
(b)
a failure by an Obligor to pay any amount due by an Obligor under a Finance Document on its due date, including
without limitation, any cost, loss or liability arising as a result of Clause 27 (Sharing among the Finance Parties);
 
(c)
making arrangements to issue any L/G requested by a Borrower in a Utilisation Request but not made by reason of the
operation of any one or more of the provisions of this Agreement (other than by reason of default or negligence by that
Finance Party alone); or
 
(d)
a Utilisation (or part of a Utilisation) not being prepaid in accordance with a notice of prepayment given by a Borrower
or the Company,
 
provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Finance Party, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages,
liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and non-appealable judgement to have
resulted from any dispute solely among the Finance Parties (not arising as a result of any act or omission by any member of the
Group) other than claims against the Agent or any Issuing Bank or any Arranger in its capacity as, or in fulfilling its role as, the
Agent or an Issuing Bank or an Arranger or any similar role under this Agreement.
 
14.3
Indemnity to the Agent
 
(a)
The Company shall promptly indemnify the Agent against any cost (which in the case of counsel, shall be limited to the
fees, charges and disbursements of one primary counsel and one local counsel in each applicable jurisdiction for the
Agent, loss or liability incurred by the Agent (acting reasonably) as a result of:
 
(i)
investigating any event which it reasonably believes is a Default; or
 
(ii)
acting or relying on any notice, request or instruction which it reasonably believes to be genuine, correct and
appropriately authorised.
 
(b)
In case a Lender fails to inform the Agent pursuant to Clause 12.8 (FATCA Information) or such information is
incomplete or incorrect the relevant Lender shall indemnify the Agent, within three Business Days of demand, against
any cost, loss or liability incurred by the Agent respectively as a consequence of non-compliance with FATCA by the
Agent as a result of such Xxxxxx's failure.
 
15.
MITIGATION BY THE LENDERS
 
15.1
Mitigation
 
(a)
Each Finance Party shall, in consultation with the Company, take all reasonable steps to mitigate any circumstances
which arise and which would result in any amount becoming payable under or pursuant to, or cancelled pursuant to, any
of Clause 9.1 (Illegality), Clause 12 (Tax gross-up and indemnities) or Clause 13 (Increased costs) including (but not
limited to) transferring its rights and obligations under the Finance Documents to another Affiliate or Facility Office.
 
(b)
Paragraph (a) above does not in any way limit the obligations of any Obligor under the Finance Documents.
 
15.2
Limitation of liability
 
63


[Page 81]
 
 
(a)
The Company shall promptly indemnify each Finance Party for all costs and expenses reasonably incurred by that
Finance Party as a result of steps taken by it under Clause 15.1 (Mitigation).
 
(b)
A Finance Party is not obliged to take any steps under Clause 15.1 (Mitigation) if, in the opinion of that Finance Party
(acting reasonably), to do so might be prejudicial to it.
 
16.
COSTS AND EXPENSES
 
16.1
Transaction expenses
 
The Company shall promptly on demand pay the Agent and the Arranger the amount of all costs and expenses (including legal
fees subject to the agreed cap (if any)) reasonably incurred by any of them in connection with the negotiation, preparation and
execution of:
 
(a)
this Agreement and any other documents referred to in this Agreement; and
 
(b)
any other Finance Documents executed after the date of this Agreement.
 
16.2
Amendment costs
 
If (a) an Obligor requests an amendment, waiver or consent or (b) an amendment is required pursuant to Clause 28.10 (Change of
currency), the Company shall, within five Business Days of demand, reimburse the Agent for the amount of all costs and
expenses (including pre-agreed legal fees) reasonably incurred by the Agent in responding to, evaluating, negotiating or
complying with that request or requirement.
 
16.3
Enforcement costs
 
The Company shall, within three Business Days of demand, pay to each Finance Party the amount of all documented out-of-
pocket costs and expenses (which in the case of counsel, shall be limited to the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of one
primary counsel and one local counsel in each applicable jurisdiction for the Agent and one additional primary counsel and one
additional local counsel in each applicable jurisdiction for all Lenders other than the Agent and additional counsel for affected
Lenders in light of actual or potential conflicts of interest) incurred by that Finance Party in connection with the enforcement of,
or the preservation of any rights under, any Finance Document.
 
17.
GUARANTEE AND INDEMNITY
 
17.1
Guarantee (Garantie) and indemnity (Ausfallhaftung)
 
Each Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally (but subject to any limitations set out in any Accession Letter by which such
Guarantor becomes a party hereto) jointly and severally (gesamtschuldnerisch):
 
(a)
guarantees (garantiert) by way of an independent payment obligation (selbständiges Zahlungsversprechen) to each
Finance Party to pay to that Finance Party any amount of principal, interest, costs, expenses or other amount owed by an
Obligor under or in connection with the Finance Documents that has not been fully and irrevocably paid by a Borrower
or the Company; the payment shall be due (fällig) within five Business Days of a written demand by a Finance Party (or
the Agent on its behalf) stating the sum demanded from that Guarantor and that such sum is an amount of principal,
interest, costs, expenses or other amount owed by an Obligor
 
64


[Page 82]
 
 
 
 
under or in connection with the Finance Documents that has not been fully and irrevocably paid by a Borrower or the
Company; and
 
 
 
(b)
undertakes vis-à-vis each Finance Party to indemnify (schadlos halten) that Finance Party against any cost, loss or
liability suffered by that Finance Party if any obligation of a Borrower or the Company under or in connection with any
Finance Document (except for any cost, loss or liability directly caused by the gross negligence or wilful misconduct of
such Finance Party) or any obligation guaranteed by it is or becomes unenforceable, invalid or illegal. The amount of the
cost, loss or liability shall be equal to the amount which that Finance Party would otherwise have been entitled to recover
(Ersatz des positiven Interesses) and that claim shall be due (fällig) within five Business Days of a written demand by
that Finance Party (or the Agent on its behalf).
 
For the avoidance of doubt this guarantee and indemnity does not constitute a guarantee upon first demand (Garantie auf erstes
Anfordern) and, in particular, receipt of such written demand shall not preclude any rights and/or defences the Guarantor may
have with respect to any payment requested by a Finance Party (or the Agent on its behalf) under this guarantee and indemnity.
 
17.2
Continuing and independent guarantee and indemnity
 
(a)
This guarantee and indemnity is independent and separate from the obligations of any Borrower and is a continuing
guarantee and indemnity which will extend to the ultimate balance of sums payable by any Borrower under the Finance
Documents, regardless of any intermediate payment or discharge in whole or in part.
 
(b)
The guarantee and indemnity shall extend to any additional obligations of a Borrower resulting from any amendment,
novation, supplement, extension, restatement or replacement of any Finance Documents, including without limitation
any extension of or increase in any facility or the addition of a new facility under any Finance Document.
 
(c)
Subject to Clause 17.3 (Reinstatement) below, at such time as both (i) the Commitments have expired or been
irrevocably terminated and (ii) all L/Gs have been irrevocably repaid in full as set out in Clause 8 (Repayment) of this
Agreement and any other amounts outstanding under the Finance Documents have been irrevocably discharged in full,
all obligations (other than those expressly stated to survive such termination) of each Guarantor under this Clause 17
(Guarantee and Indemnity) shall automatically terminate, all without delivery of any instrument or performance of any
act by any person.
 
17.3
Reinstatement
 
If any payment by an Obligor or any discharge given by a Finance Party (whether in respect of the obligations of any Obligor or
any security for those obligations or otherwise) is avoided or reduced as a result of insolvency or any similar event:
 
(a)
the liability of each Obligor shall continue as if the payment, discharge, avoidance or reduction had not occurred; and
 
(b)
each Finance Party shall be entitled to recover the value or amount of that security or payment from each Guarantor, as if
the payment, discharge, avoidance or reduction had not occurred.
 
17.4
Excluded defences
 
65


[Page 83]
 
 
(a)
The obligations of each Guarantor under this Clause 17 will not be affected by an act, omission, matter or thing which
relates to the principal obligation (or purported obligation) of any Borrower and which would reduce, release or
prejudice any of its obligations under this Clause 17, including any personal defences of any Borrower (Einreden des
Hauptschuldners) or any right of revocation (Anfechtung) or set-off (Aufrechnung) (excluding any Tax Deduction
permitted by Clause 12 (Tax Gross Up and Indemnities)) of any Borrower.
 
(b)
The obligations of each Guarantor under this Clause 17 are independent from any other security or guarantee which may
have been or will be given to the Finance Parties. In particular, the obligations of each Guarantor under this Clause 17
will not be affected by any of the following:
 
(i)
the release of, or any time (Stundung), waiver or consent granted to, any other Obligor from or in respect of its
obligations under or in connection with any Finance Document;
 
(ii)
the taking, variation, compromise, exchange, renewal or release of, or refusal or neglect to perfect, take up or
enforce, any rights against, or security over assets of, any Obligor or any other person or any failure to realise
the full value of any security;
 
(iii)
any incapacity or lack of power, authority or legal personality of or dissolution or a deterioration of the financial
condition of any other Obligor; or
 
(iv)
any unenforceability, illegality or invalidity of any obligation of any other Obligor under any Finance
Document.
 
(c)
For the avoidance of doubt nothing in this Clause 17 shall preclude any defences that any Guarantor (in its capacity as
Guarantor only) may have against a Finance Party that the guarantee and indemnity does not constitute its legal, valid,
binding or enforceable obligations.
 
17.5
Immediate recourse
 
No Finance Party will be required to proceed against or enforce any other rights or security or claim payment from any person
before claiming from that Guarantor under this Clause 17. This applies irrespective of any provision of a Finance Document to
the contrary.
 
17.6
Appropriations
 
Until all amounts which may be or become payable by the Obligors under or in connection with the Finance Documents have
been irrevocably paid in full, each Finance Party may:
 
(a)
refrain from applying or enforcing any other moneys, security or rights held or received by that Finance Party in respect
of those amounts, or apply and enforce the same in such manner and order as it sees fit (whether against those amounts
or otherwise) and no Guarantor shall be entitled to the benefit of the same; and
 
(b)
hold in an interest-bearing suspense account any moneys received from any Guarantor or on account of any Guarantor's
liability under this Clause 17.
 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Clause 17.6 shall be construed as creating a liability for a Borrower for the amounts
which may be or become payable by the other Obligors under or in connection with the Finance Documents.
 
66


[Page 84]
 
 
17.7
Deferral of Guarantors' rights
 
Until all amounts which may be or become payable by the Obligors under or in connection with the Finance Documents have
been irrevocably paid in full and unless the Agent otherwise directs, no Guarantor will exercise any rights which it may have by
reason of performance by it of its obligations under the Finance Documents or by reason of any amount being payable, or liability
arising, under this Clause 17:
 
(a)
to be indemnified by an Obligor;
 
(b)
to claim any contribution from any other guarantor of any Obligor's obligations under the Finance Documents;
 
(c)
to exercise any right of set-off against any Obligor; and/or
 
(d)
to take the benefit (in whole or in part and whether by way of legal subrogation or otherwise) of any rights of the
Finance Parties under the Finance Documents or of any other guarantee or security taken pursuant to, or in connection
with, the Finance Documents by any Finance Party.
 
If a Guarantor receives any benefit, payment or distribution in relation to such rights it shall hold that benefit, payment or
distribution to the extent necessary to enable all amounts which may be or become payable to the Finance Parties by the Obligors
under or in connection with the Finance Documents to be repaid in full on trust for the Finance Parties and shall promptly pay or
transfer the same to the Agent or as the Agent may direct for application in accordance with Clause 28 (Payment Mechanics) of
this Agreement.
 
17.8
Release of Guarantors' right of contribution
 
If any Guarantor (a "Retiring Guarantor") ceases to be a Guarantor in accordance with Clause 24.5 (Resignation of a
Guarantor) or Clause 24.6 (Release of a Guarantor) or otherwise in accordance with the terms of the Finance Documents for the
purpose of any sale or other disposal of that Retiring Guarantor then on the date such Retiring Guarantor ceases to be a
Guarantor:
 
(a)
that Retiring Guarantor is released by each other Guarantor from any liability (whether past, present or future and
whether actual or contingent) to make a contribution to any other Guarantor arising by reason of the performance by any
other Guarantor of its obligations under the Finance Documents; and
 
(b)
each other Guarantor waives any rights it may have by reason of the performance of its obligations under the Finance
Documents to take the benefit (in whole or in part and whether by way of subrogation or otherwise) of any rights of the
Finance Parties under any Finance Document or of any other security taken pursuant to, or in connection with, any
Finance Document where such rights or security are granted by or in relation to the assets of the Retiring Guarantor.
 
17.9
Additional obligations
 
This guarantee is in addition to and is not in any way prejudiced by any other guarantee or security now or subsequently held by
any Finance Party.
 
17.10
Guarantee Limitation - Fraudulent Conveyance
 
Any term or provision of this Clause 17 or any other term in this Agreement or any Finance Document notwithstanding, the
maximum aggregate amount of the obligations for which any
 
67


[Page 85]
 
 
Guarantor shall be liable under this Agreement or any other Finance Document shall in no event exceed an amount equal to the
largest amount that would not render such Guarantor's obligations under this Agreement subject to avoidance under applicable
United States federal or state fraudulent transfer, fraudulent conveyance or similar laws.
 
17.11
Guarantee Limitation - Deemed Dividends
 
Any term or provision of this Clause 17 or any other term in this Agreement or any Finance Document notwithstanding, no
member of the Group that is a "controlled foreign corporation" for U.S. federal income tax purposes will have any obligation or
liability, directly or indirectly, as guarantor or otherwise under this Agreement or any Finance Document with respect to any
obligation or liability arising under any Finance Document of any U.S. Borrower to the extent such obligation or liability would
cause or result in any "deemed dividend" to any Obligor incorporated in the U.S. pursuant to Section 956 of the Code; provided
that this Clause shall not limit or reduce any obligation or liability of any Borrower in its capacity as such.
 
18.
REPRESENTATIONS
 
Each Obligor on behalf of itself (and in the case of the Company and where set out expressly below, on behalf of each other
member of the Group) makes the representations and warranties set out in this Clause 18 to each Finance Party on the date of this
Agreement and the date the first Utilisation Request is submitted under this Agreement.
 
18.1
Status
 
(a)
It is a corporation, limited liability company or partnership with limited liability, duly incorporated or organised or, in the
case of a partnership, established and validly existing and in good standing (to the extent such concept is applicable in
the relevant jurisdiction) under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation.
 
(b)
It has all requisite power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and, except where the failure to do so,
individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, is qualified to
do business in, and is in good standing (to the extent such concept is applicable) in every jurisdiction where such
qualification is required.
 
18.2
Binding obligations
 
Subject to the Legal Reservations, the obligations expressed to be assumed by it in each Finance Document are legal, valid,
binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their terms.
 
18.3
Non-conflict with other obligations and compliance with laws
 
(a)
The entry into and performance by it of, and the transactions contemplated by, the Finance Documents do not and will
not conflict with:
 
(i)
any applicable material law or regulation applicable to it or any order of any Governmental Authority;
 
(ii)
its charter, by-laws, constitutional or other organisational documents; or;
 
(iii)
any agreement, indenture or instrument binding upon it or any of its assets (or give rise to any right thereunder
to require any payment to be made by any member of the Group) except with respect to this paragraph (iii) for
any such conflict which, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect.
 
68


[Page 86]
 
 
(b)
It and each member of the Group has complied in all respects with all laws, regulations and orders of any Governmental
Authority to which it may be subject where failure so to comply would reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect.
 
18.4
Power and authority
 
It has the organisational power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary organisational action to authorise its
entry into, performance and delivery of, the Finance Documents to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by those
Finance Documents and the Finance Documents to which it is a party have been duly executed by it and, where applicable,
delivered by it.
 
18.5
Validity and admissibility in evidence
 
All Authorisations required:
 
(a)
to enable it lawfully to enter into, exercise its rights and comply with its obligations in the Finance Documents to which
it is a party; and
 
(b)
to make the Finance Documents to which it is a party admissible in evidence in its jurisdiction of incorporation, subject
to the Legal Reservations,
 
have been obtained or effected and are in full force and effect.
 
18.6
Governing law and enforcement
 
(a)
The choice of German law as the governing law of the Finance Documents will be recognised and enforced in its
jurisdiction of incorporation, subject to the Legal Reservations.
 
(b)
Any judgment obtained in Germany in relation to a Finance Document will be recognised and enforced in its jurisdiction
of incorporation, subject to the Legal Reservations.
 
18.7
Deduction of Tax
 
It is not required to make any Tax Deduction (as defined in Clause 12.1 (Definitions)) from any payment it may make under any
Finance Document to a Lender which is a Qualifying Lender, subject to the following provisos:
 
(a)
where the Qualifying Lender is a Treaty Lender with respect to a UK Borrower, the payment is one specified in a
direction given by the Commissioners of Revenue & Customs under Regulation 2 of the Double Taxation Relief (Taxes
on Income) (General) Regulations 1970 (SI 1970/488); and
 
(b)
where the Lender falls within paragraph (ii)(A)(2) of the definition of Qualifying Lender with respect to the UK
Borrower, no Direction has been given under section 931 of the ITA in relation to the payment concerned.
 
18.8
Taxes
 
It and each of its Subsidiaries has timely filed or caused to be filed all Tax returns and reports required to have been filed and has
paid or caused to be paid all Taxes required to have been paid by it, except (a) Taxes that are being contested in good faith by
appropriate proceedings and for which it has set aside on its books adequate reserves or (b) to the extent that the failure to do so
would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
 
69


[Page 87]
 
 
18.9
Compliance with Swiss Non-Bank Rules
 
Each Swiss Borrower is compliant with the Swiss Non-Bank Rules. This representation shall not be deemed to be breached if the
Swiss Non-Bank Rules are breached as a result solely of:
 
(a)
a Lender has failed to comply with its obligations under Clause 23 (Changes to Lenders);
 
(b)
a Lender ceased to be a Swiss Qualifying Bank other than as a result of any change after the date it became a Finance
Party under this Agreement in (or in the interpretation, administration or application of) any law or any published
practice or concession of any relevant taxing authority.
 
18.10
No default
 
No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.
 
18.11
Anti-Corruption Laws, Sanctions and Anti-Money Laundering Laws
 
(a)
The Company has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures reasonably designed to promote
compliance in all material respects by the Company, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees
and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions, and the Company, its Subsidiaries and their respective
officers and employees and to the knowledge of the Company its directors and agents, are in compliance with Anti-
Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions in all material respects.
 
(b)
None of (i) the Company, any Subsidiary or to the knowledge of the Company any of their respective directors, officers
or employees, or (ii) to the knowledge of the Company, any agent of the Company or any Subsidiary that will act in any
capacity in connection with or benefit from the credit facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person.
 
(c)
No Borrower or any Subsidiary will, to the knowledge of the Company, use any Letter of Credit in violation in any
respect of any Anti-Corruption Law or in violation in any material respect of applicable Sanctions.
 
(d)
To the best of the Borrower's knowledge and belief, neither it nor anyone acting on behalf of any member of the
Borrower, has engaged in any activity which would breach Anti-Money Laundering Laws; has (have) implemented and
maintains in effect policies and procedures designed to be in compliance with applicable Anti-Money Laundering Laws;
no actions or investigations by any governmental or regulatory agency or body or arbitrator are ongoing or threatened
against any member of the Borrower or any of their directors, officers or employees or anyone acting on its/their behalf
in relation to an alleged breach of Anti-Money Laundering Laws.
 
(e)
The representations made under paragraphs (a) through (c) above in relation to Sanctions are made only to the extent that
they do not result in a violation of, or conflict with, Section 7 of the German Foreign Trade Ordinance
(Außenwirtschaftsverordnung (AWV)), Council Regulation (EC) No. 2271/96 of 22 November 1996 or any similar
applicable anti-boycott law or regulation, provided that to the extent that any such Obligor cannot make any of the
representations or warranties contained in paragraphs (a) through (c) above due to any such anti-boycott laws or
regulations, such Obligor shall be deemed to make such representations in relation to sanctions, anti-money laundering
and counter-terrorism financing provisions equivalent to any Sanctions that are applicable to or binding upon such
Obligor in its local jurisdiction.
 
70


[Page 88]
 
 
(f)
This Clause 18.11 shall not apply:
 
(i)
to any Finance Party which qualifies as a resident party domiciled in the Federal Republic of Germany
(Inländer) within the meaning of section 2 paragraph 15 of the German Foreign Trade Act
(Außenwirtschaftsgesetz) in so far as it would result in a violation of or conflict with section 7 of the German
Foreign Trade Regulation (Außenwirtschaftsverordnung); or
 
(ii)
to any Finance Party to which the Council Regulation (EC) 2271/1996 applies in so far as it would result in a
violation of or conflict with any provision of Council Regulation (EC) 2271/1996; and
 
(iii)
to any Group Company and any Finance Party, in each case, to which any other anti-boycott statute or
regulation applies in so far as it would result in a violation of or conflict with any provision of such other anti-
boycott statute or regulation.
 
18.12
No misleading information
 
Any written factual information contained in the Original Financial Statements and the list of Material Subsidiaries provided by
the Company, other than projections, does not (when furnished) contain any untrue statement of material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained therein not materially misleading in light of the circumstances
under which such statements are made; provided that with respect to projections, the Obligors represent only that such
information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time prepared (it being
understood by the Agent and the Lenders that any such projections are not to be viewed as facts and are subject to significant
uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the control of the Group, that no assurances can be given that such
projections will be realised and that actual results may differ materially from such projections).
 
18.13
Financial statements
 
(a)
Its Original Financial Statements were prepared in accordance with Applicable GAAP consistently applied.
 
(b)
Its Original Financial Statements fairly represent, in all material respects, its financial position and results of operations
(consolidated in the case of the Company's audited consolidated financial statements and including cashflows of the
Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries) during the relevant financial year in accordance with Applicable GAAP.
 
(c)
There has been no material adverse change in the business, operations or financial condition of the Group taken as a
whole since 30 September 2021.
 
18.14
Pari passu ranking
 
Its payment obligations under the Finance Documents rank at least pari passu with the claims of all its other unsecured and
unsubordinated creditors, except for obligations mandatorily preferred by law applying to companies generally.
 
18.15
No proceedings pending or threatened
 
There is no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding before any court, arbitral body or Governmental Authority pending
against or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Borrower, threatened against any member of the Group which would
reasonably be expected,
 
71


[Page 89]
 
 
individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect (taking into account reserves made for the benefit of
warranties and/or insurance coverage in respect thereof) or which purports to affect the legality, validity or enforceability of this
Agreement or the transactions contemplated thereby.
 
18.16
Environmental laws and licences
 
It and (in the case of the Company only) each other member of the Group has:
 
(a)
complied with all Environmental Laws to which it may be subject;
 
(b)
obtained all Environmental Licences required in connection with its business;
 
(c)
complied with the terms of those Environmental Licences,
 
in each case, individually or in the aggregate, where failure to do so would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.
 
18.17
Good title to assets
 
It has a good title to, or valid leasehold interests in, and to all its real and personal property material to its business except to the
extent that any failure to have such title or leasehold interest would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
18.18
Investment Company Act status
 
Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is an "investment company" as defined in, or subject to regulation under, the
Investment Company Act of 1940.
 
18.19
ERISA
 
No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other such ERISA Events for
which liability is reasonably expected to occur, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
 
18.20
Federal Reserve Regulations
 
No part of the proceeds of any Utilisation have been used or will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that
entails a violation of any of the Regulations of the Board, including Regulations T, U and X.
 
18.21
Repetition
 
(a)
The Repeated Representations shall be made by the Company on its own behalf and on behalf of the other Obligors
(under a power of attorney (Vollmacht) granted to it by the Obligors pursuant to paragraph (b) below) by reference to the
facts and circumstances then existing on;
 
(i)
the date of each Utilisation Request, each Additional Commitment Request and each Increase Confirmation;
and
 
(ii)
in the case of an Additional Obligor, the day on which the company becomes (or it is proposed that the
company becomes) an Additional Obligor.
 
(b)
Each Obligor (other than the Company) hereby empowers (bevollmächtigt) the Company to make the Repeated
Representations on its behalf as its attorney (Stellvertreter). Each Obligor (other than the Company) hereby relieves the
Company
 
72


[Page 90]
 
 
 
from the restrictions pursuant to section 181 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) for the purpose of
making the Repeated Representations on its behalf as attorney (Stellvertreter).
 
19.
INFORMATION UNDERTAKINGS
 
The undertakings in this Clause 19 remain in force from the date of this Agreement until both (i) the Commitments have expired
or been terminated and (ii) all L/Gs have been repaid in full as set out in Clause 8 (Repayment) of this Agreement and there is no
other amount outstanding under the Finance Documents.
 
19.1
Financial statements
 
The Company shall supply to the Agent in sufficient copies for all the Lenders as soon as they are available but in any event:
 
(a)
within 100 days after the end of each of its Financial Years, the Company's audited consolidated financial statements for
that Financial Year;
 
(b)
within 120 days after the end of each Borrower's financial years, the unaudited balance sheet and profit and loss of the
respective Borrower (other than the Company) for that financial year;
 
(c)
within 180 days after the end of each Borrower's financial years the financial statements (only audited if available or
required by law to be audited and in the form available or required by law to be prepared) of the respective Borrower
(other than the Company) for that financial year; and
 
(d)
within 55 days after the end of each of the first three quarters of each of its Financial Years, consolidated financial
statements of the Company for that quarter and the then elapsed portion of that Financial Year.
 
19.2
Compliance Certificate
 
(a)
The Company shall supply to the Agent, with each set of financial statements delivered pursuant to paragraph (a) or
(d) of Clause 19.1 (Financial statements), a Compliance Certificate setting out (in reasonable detail) computations as to
compliance with Clause 20 (Financial Covenants) as at the end of such Financial Year or Financial Quarter (as
applicable) and certifying as to whether a Default has occurred and is continuing and, if a Default has occurred that is
continuing, specify the details thereof and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto.
 
(b)
Each Compliance Certificate shall be signed by persons authorised to represent the Company but such persons shall at
least include one Financial Officer.
 
(c)
If a Compliance Certificate is required to be delivered together with the annual financial statements of the Company it
shall set out a list of the Material Subsidiaries (identifying the Material Domestic Subsidiaries).
 
19.3
Requirements as to financial statements
 
(a)
The Company shall procure that each set of its annual and quarterly financial statements delivered pursuant to Clause
19.1 (Financial statements) includes a balance sheet, related statements of operations, stockholders' equity and cash
flows as of the end of and for such Financial Year or Financial Quarter (as applicable) and the then elapsed portion of the
Financial Year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures
 
73


[Page 91]
 
 
 
 
for the corresponding period or periods of (or, in the case of the balance sheet, as of the end of) the previous Financial
Year, in the case of the annual financial statements of the Company all reported on by Ernst & Young LLP or other
independent public accountants of recognised national standing (without any adverse qualification or exception as to the
scope of such audit) and in the case of its quarterly financial statements all certified by one of its Financial Officers, as
presenting fairly in all material respects the financial condition of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a
consolidated basis in accordance with U.S. GAAP consistently applied, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and
the absence of footnotes.
 
 
 
(b)
The Company shall procure that each set of financial statements of the Company delivered pursuant to Clause 19.1
(Financial statements) is prepared using U.S. GAAP, accounting practices and financial reference periods consistent
with those applied in the preparation of the Original Financial Statements for the Company unless, in relation to any set
of financial statements, it notifies the Agent that there has been a change in U.S. GAAP, the accounting practices or
reference periods. If a change in U.S. GAAP or in the application thereof has occurred since the date of the Original
Financial Statements, the Company shall specify the effect of such change in the Compliance Certificate accompanying
such financial statements.
 
19.4
Accounting Terms; U.S. GAAP
 
Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in
accordance with U.S. GAAP, as in effect from time to time; provided that, if the Company notifies the Agent that the Company
requests an amendment to any provision of this Agreement to eliminate the effect of any change in U.S. GAAP occurring after
the date of this Agreement or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if the Agent notifies the Company
that the Majority Lenders request an amendment to any provision of this Agreement for such purpose), regardless of whether any
such notice is given before or after such change in U.S. GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be
interpreted on the basis of U.S. GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until
such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith. Notwithstanding any other provision
contained in this Agreement all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of
amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made (x) without giving effect to any election under Accounting Standards
Codification 000-00-00 of U.S. GAAP (or any other accounting standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Financial
Indebtedness or other liabilities of the Company or any Subsidiary at "fair value", as defined therein and (y) without giving effect
to any treatment of Financial Indebtedness in respect of convertible debt instruments under Accounting Standards Codification
470-20 of U.S. GAAP (or any other accounting standard having a similar result or effect) to value any such Financial
Indebtedness in a reduced or bifurcated manner as described therein, and such Financial Indebtedness shall at all times be valued
at the full stated principal amount thereof, net of discounts and premiums.
 
19.5
Budget
 
(a)
The Company shall supply to the Agent as soon as the same becomes available but in any event no later than the first
day of each of its Financial Years, a budget for the next Financial Year and the following two Financial Years.
 
(b)
The Company shall ensure that each budget is substantially in the same form as the Budget delivered to the Agent under
Clause 4.1 (Initial conditions precedent) and includes a projected consolidated profit and loss, balance sheet and
cashflow statement for the Group.
 
74


[Page 92]
 
 
19.6
Information: miscellaneous
 
The Company shall supply to the Agent:
 
(a)
promptly after the same become publicly available, copies of all periodic and other reports, proxy statements and other
materials filed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries with the SEC or with any other national securities exchange
and all documents dispatched by the Company to its shareholders generally, as the case may be;
 
(b)
promptly upon a Responsible Officer having actual knowledge of them, the details of the filing or commencement of any
litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings which are filed or commenced against any member of the Group and
which have or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;
 
(c)
promptly upon a Responsible Officer having actual knowledge thereof of the occurrence of any ERISA Event which,
alone or together with any other ERISA Events that have occurred, have resulted or would reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect;
 
(d)
promptly upon a Responsible Officer having actual knowledge of them, of any other developments that have resulted or
would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and
 
(e)
promptly following a request therefore, such further information regarding the financial condition, business affairs and
operations of any member of the Group as any Finance Party (through the Agent) may reasonably request.
 
19.7
Delivery of information
 
(a)
Documents required to be delivered pursuant to paragraphs (a) and (d) of Clause 19.1 (Financial Statements) and
paragraph (a) of Clause 19.6 (Information: miscellaneous) may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be
deemed to have been delivered on the date on which such documents are (i) filed for public availability on the SEC's
Electronic Data Gathering and Retrieval System, (ii) posted or the Company provides a link thereto on
xxxx://xxx.xxxxxxxxxxx.xxx; or (iii) posted on the Company's behalf on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which
the Agent and the Lenders have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Agent).
Information required to be delivered pursuant to this Section may also be delivered by electronic communications
pursuant to procedures approved by the Agent.
 
(b)
If any Lender (a "Paper Form Lender") notifies the Agent that it requests the delivery of a paper copy of information
delivered electronically as set out in paragraph (a) above, then the Agent shall notify the Company accordingly and the
Company shall supply the information delivered pursuant to paragraph (a) above to the Agent (in sufficient copies for
each Paper Form Lender) in paper form.
 
19.8
"Know your customer" checks
 
(a)
If:
 
(i)
the introduction of or any change in (or in the interpretation, administration or application of) any law or
regulation made after the date of this Agreement;
 
(ii)
any change in the status of an Obligor (or of a Holding Company of an Obligor) after the date of this
Agreement; or
 
75


[Page 93]
 
 
(iii)
a proposed assignment or assignment and transfer by way of assumption of contract (Vertragsübernahme) by a
Lender of any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement to a party that is not a Lender prior to such
assignment or assignment and transfer by way of assumption of contract (Vertragsübernahme) or the
assumption of any Commitment under this Agreement pursuant to Clause 2.2 (Increase) or Clause 2.3
(Allocation of Additional Commitments) by a party that is not a Lender prior to such assumption,
 
obliges the Agent or any Lender (or, in the case of paragraph (a)(iii) above, any prospective new Lender) to comply with
"know your customer" or similar identification procedures in circumstances where the necessary information is not
already available to it, each Obligor shall promptly upon the request of the Agent or any Lender supply, or procure the
supply of, such documentation and other evidence as is reasonably requested by the Agent (for itself or on behalf of any
Lender) or any Lender (for itself or, in the case of the event described in paragraph (a)(iii) above, on behalf of any
prospective new Lender) in order for the Agent, such Lender or, in the case of the event described in paragraph (a)
(iii) above, any prospective new Lender to carry out and be satisfied it has complied with all necessary "know your
customer" or other similar checks under all applicable laws and regulations pursuant to the transactions contemplated in
the Finance Documents.
 
(b)
Each Lender shall promptly upon the request of the Agent supply, or procure the supply of, such documentation and
other evidence as is reasonably requested by the Agent (for itself) in order for the Agent to carry out and be satisfied it
has complied with all necessary "know your customer" or other similar checks under all applicable laws and regulations
pursuant to the transactions contemplated in the Finance Documents.
 
(c)
The Company shall, by not less than 10 Business Days' prior written notice to the Agent (as required pursuant to
Clause 24 (Changes to the Obligors)), notify the Agent (which shall promptly notify the Lenders) of its intention to
request that one of its Subsidiaries becomes an Additional Obligor pursuant to Clause 24 (Changes to the Obligors).
 
(d)
Following the giving of any notice of intention to request that one of its Subsidiaries becomes an Additional Obligor
pursuant to Section 24 (Changes to the Obligors), if the accession of such Additional Obligor obliges the Agent or any
Lender to comply with "know your customer" or similar identification procedures or anti-money laundering rules and
regulations in circumstances where the necessary information is not already available to it, the Company shall promptly
upon the request of the Agent or any Lender supply, or procure the supply of, such documentation and other evidence as
is reasonably requested by the Agent (for itself or on behalf of any Lender) or any Lender (for itself or on behalf of any
prospective new Lender) in order for the Agent or such Lender or any prospective new Lender to carry out and be
satisfied it has complied with all necessary "know your customer" or other similar checks or anti-money laundering
rules and regulations under all applicable laws and regulations pursuant to the accession of such Subsidiary to this
Agreement as an Additional Obligor.
 
19.9
Notice of Default
 
The Company shall notify the Agent of any Default (and the steps, if any, being taken to remedy it) promptly upon a Responsible
Officer having actual knowledge of its occurrence.
 
19.10
UK Pensions Notifiable Events
 
The Company shall notify the Agent (promptly upon a Responsible Officer of the Company having actual knowledge thereof) of
the occurrence of:
 
76


[Page 94]
 
 
(a)
any of the following to the extent the same would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect:
 
(i)
the threatened in writing or actual issuance by the Pensions Regulator of a financial support direction or a
contribution notice (as those terms are defined in the United Kingdom Pensions Act 2004) or the threatened in
writing or actual exercise of any Criminal Pension Power by the Pensions Regulator or the CPS in relation to
the Milacron Pension Scheme; and/or
 
(ii)
any amount becoming due to the Milacron Pension Scheme pursuant to Section 75 or 75A of the United
Kingdom Pensions Act 1995.
 
20.
FINANCIAL COVENANTS
 
20.1
Financial Definitions in this Clause 20:
 
"Consolidated EBITDA" means, with reference to any period, Consolidated Net Income for such period:
 
(a)
plus, without duplication and to the extent deducted from revenues in determining Consolidated Net Income for such
period:
 
(i)
interest expense;
 
(ii)
income tax expense;
 
(iii)
depreciation expense;
 
(iv)
amortisation expense;
 
(v)
all non-cash expenses, charges or losses;
 
(vi)
losses attributable to the early extinguishment of Indebtedness;
 
(vii)
 
(A)
cash fees, costs, expenses, premiums, penalties or other losses incurred in connection with any
acquisition, any asset sale or other disposal, any recapitalisation, any investment, any issuance of
equity interests by the Company or any issuance, incurrence or repayment of any Indebtedness by the
Company or its Subsidiaries, the amortisation of any deferred financing charges, and/or any
refinancing transaction or modification or amendment of any debt instrument (including any
transaction undertaken but not completed) and
 
(B)
non-recurring or unusual expenses, charges or losses
 
in an aggregate amount for clauses (A) and (B) not to exceed ten percent (10%) of Consolidated EBITDA for
any Reference Period (as calculated without giving effect to the add-back of any item pursuant to this clause
(vii)), provided that, solely during the Adjusted Period, in connection with determining the amount of the listed
items that may be added back to Consolidated EBITDA pursuant to this clause (vii) (the "Specified
Expenses"), (1) for the Reference Period ending September 30, 2023, (x) the Specified Expenses actually
incurred by the Company and its Subsidiaries during the fiscal quarters of the Company ending December 31,
2022, March 31, 2023 and
 
77


[Page 95]
 
 
June 30, 2023 shall be added back to Consolidated EBITDA and shall not be counted against the foregoing
10% limitation and (y) the Specified Expenses actually incurred by the Company and its Subsidiaries during
the fiscal quarter of the Company ending September 30, 2023 shall be counted against, and shall be subject to,
the foregoing 10% limitation, (2) for the Reference Period ending December 31, 2023, (x) the Specified
Expenses actually incurred by the Company and its Subsidiaries during the fiscal quarters of the Company
ending March 31, 2023 and June 30, 2023 shall be added back to Consolidated EBITDA and shall not be
counted against the foregoing 10% limitation and (y) the Specified Expenses actually incurred by the Company
and its Subsidiaries during the fiscal quarters of the Company ending September 30, 2023 and December 31,
2023 shall be counted against, and shall be subject to, the foregoing 10% limitation and (3) for the Reference
Period ending March 31, 2024, (x) the Specified Expenses actually incurred by the Company and its
Subsidiaries during the fiscal quarter of the Company ending June 30, 2023 shall be added back to
Consolidated EBITDA and shall not be counted against the foregoing 10% limitation and (y) the Specified
Expenses actually incurred by the Company and its Subsidiaries during the fiscal quarters of the Company
ending September 30, 2023, December 31, 2023 and March 31, 2024 shall be counted against, and shall be
subject to, the foregoing 10% limitation; and
 
(viii)
solely during the Adjusted Period, M&A, legal and other out-of-pocket transaction fees and expenses of the
Company and Xxxxxxx relating to the Xxxxxxx Acquisition, in each case to the extent incurred prior to the date
that is 12-months after the date of execution of the Share Purchase Agreement referenced in the definition of
“Xxxxxxx Acquisition”,
 
(b)
minus to the extent included in Consolidated Net Income for such period:
 
(i)
interest income;
 
(ii)
income tax benefits (to the extent not netted from tax expense);
 
(iii)
any cash payments made during such period in respect of items described in sub-paragraph (a)(v) above
subsequent to the Financial Quarter in which the relevant non-cash expense, charge or loss was incurred; and
 
(iv)
gains attributable to the early extinguishment of Indebtedness,
 
all calculated for the Company and its Financial Subsidiaries in accordance with U.S. GAAP on a consolidated basis.
 
"Consolidated Indebtedness" means at any time, the aggregate Indebtedness of the Company and its Financial Subsidiaries
calculated on a consolidated basis as of such time in accordance with U.S. GAAP but excluding 75% of the principal amount of
any mandatorily convertible unsecured bonds, debentures, preferred stock or similar instruments in a principal amount not
exceeding USD 500,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies) in the aggregate during the term of this
Agreement which are payable in no more than three years (whether by redemption, call option or otherwise) solely in common
stock or other common equity interests.
 
"Consolidated Interest Expense" means with reference to any Relevant Period, the interest payable on, and amortisation of debt
discount in respect of, all Indebtedness of the Company and its Financial Subsidiaries calculated on a consolidated basis for such
period in accordance with U.S. GAAP.
 
78


[Page 96]
 
 
"Consolidated Net Income" means for any Relevant Period, the net income (or loss) of the Company and its Financial
Subsidiaries calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP on a consolidated basis (without duplication) for such Relevant Period.
 
"Consolidated Revenues" means, with reference to any Relevant Period, total revenues of the Company and its Financial
Subsidiaries calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP on a consolidated basis for such Relevant Period.
 
"Consolidated Tangible Assets" means, as of the date of determination thereof, Consolidated Total Assets minus the Intangible
Assets of the Company and its Financial Subsidiaries as of that date.
 
"Consolidated Total Assets" means as of the date of determination thereof total assets of the Company and its Financial
Subsidiaries calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP on a consolidated basis as of such date.
 
"Financial Subsidiary" means any person which is (or is required to be) consolidated by the Company into its consolidated
financial statements pursuant to U.S. GAAP.
 
"Indebtedness" means, as to any person at a particular time, without duplication, all of the following, but only to the extent
included as indebtedness or liabilities in accordance with U.S. GAAP:
 
(a)
all obligations of such person for borrowed money;
 
(b)
all obligations of such person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements or similar instruments;
 
(c)
all obligations of such person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than accounts payable
incurred in the ordinary course of business or any earn-out obligations);
 
(d)
all obligations of such person in respect of indebtedness (excluding prepaid interest thereon) secured by Security on
property owned or being purchased by such person (including indebtedness arising under conditional sales or other title
retention agreements) whether or not such indebtedness shall have been assumed by such person or is limited in
recourse;
 
(e)
all obligations of such person for unreimbursed payments made under letters of credit (including standby and
commercial letters of credit), bankers' acceptances and bank guarantees;
 
(f)
all obligations of such person in respect of finance leases of such person;
 
(g)
(in respect of this Clause 20 (Financial Covenants) only for the purpose of calculating Consolidated Indebtedness) all
net obligations of such person under any Swap Agreement pertaining to interest rates; and
 
(h)
all guarantees granted by such person in respect of any of the foregoing;
 
provided that the term “Indebtedness” shall not include obligations in respect of operating leases regardless of whether they
appear on the balance sheet of such person. For the purposes of this definition, the Indebtedness of any person shall include the
Indebtedness of any partnership or joint venture (other than a joint venture that is itself a corporation, limited liability company or
other limited liability entity) in which such person is a general partner or a joint venture, unless such Indebtedness is expressly
made non-recourse to such person. The amount
 
79


[Page 97]
 
 
of any net obligation under a Swap Agreement on any date shall be deemed to be the Swap Termination Value thereof as of such
date. The amount of any finance lease as of any date shall be deemed to be the amount of Attributable Indebtedness in respect
thereof as of such date. Upon the defeasance or satisfaction and discharge of Indebtedness in accordance with the terms of such
Indebtedness, such Indebtedness will cease to be "Indebtedness" hereunder (upon the giving or mailing of a notice of redemption
and redemption funds being deposited with a trustee or paying agent or otherwise segregated or held in trust or under an escrow
or other funding arrangement for the sole purpose of repurchasing, redeeming, defeasing, repaying, satisfying and discharging, or
otherwise acquiring or retiring such Indebtedness, or other substantially comparable processes).
 
"Intangible Assets" means the aggregate amount, for the Company and its Financial Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, of all
assets classified as intangible assets under U.S. GAAP, including, without limitation, customer lists, acquired technology,
goodwill, computer software, trademarks, patents, copyrights, organisation expenses, franchises, licenses, trade names, brand
names, mailing lists, catalogues, unamortised debt discount and capitalised research and development costs.
 
"Interest Coverage" means the ratio of Consolidated EBITDA to Consolidated Interest Expense.
 
"Leverage Ratio" means, determined as of the last day of each of the Company’s Financial Quarters, the ratio of
(i) (x) Consolidated Indebtedness minus (y) the Liquidity Amount, in each case as of the last day of such Financial Quarter to
(ii) Consolidated EBITDA for the period of four (4) consecutive Financial Quarters ending with the last day of such Financial
Quarter, all calculated for the Company and the members of the Group on a consolidated basis.
 
"Quarter Date" means each of 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December.
 
"Relevant Period" means each period of twelve months ending on a Quarter Date.
 
20.2
Financial condition
 
The Company shall ensure that:
 
(a)
Maximum Leverage: prior to the commencement of the Adjusted Period, the Leverage Ratio (calculated in accordance
with Clause 20.3 (Financial testing) below), in each case in respect of any Relevant Period ending on or after the
Effective Date shall not exceed a ratio of:
 
(A)
4.00 to 1.00 for the Financial Quarters ending June 30, 2023 and September 30, 2023 and
December 31, 2023; and
 
(B)
3.50 to 1.00 for the Financial Quarter ending March 31, 2024 and each Financial Quarter ending
thereafter,
 
provided that the Company may by written notice to the Agent for distribution to the Lenders (which notice may be in
the Compliance Certificate for the applicable Financial Quarter) and not more than once during the term of this
Agreement following the Effective Date, elect to increase the Maximum Leverage ratio to 4.00 to 1.00 for an Adjusted
Covenant Period in connection with a Material Acquisition (as defined in paragraph (c) of Clause 20.3 (Financial
testing)) that involves the payment of consideration by the Company and/or its Financial Subsidiaries in excess of
USD 75,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies).
 
80


[Page 98]
 
 
(b)
From and after the commencement of the Adjusted Period, the Company will not permit the Leverage Ratio (calculated
in accordance with Clause 20.3 (Financial testing), determined as of the last day of each of its Financial Quarters ending
on and after June 30, 2023, to be greater than:
 
(A)
4.00 to 1.00 for the Financial Quarter ending June 30, 2023,
 
(B)
4.50 to 1.00 for the Financial Quarters ending September 30, 2023, December 31, 2023, March 31,
2024 and June 30, 2024,
 
(C)
4.00 to 1.00 for the Financial Quarters ending September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2024,
 
(D)
3.75 to 1.00 for the Financial Quarter ending March 31, 2025 and (E) 3.50 to 1.00 for the fiscal quarter
ending June 30, 2025 and each fiscal quarter ending thereafter,
 
provided that the Company may, on or after October 1, 2025, by written notice to the Agent for distribution to the
Lenders (which notice may be in the compliance certificate delivered by the Company for the applicable fiscal quarter)
and not more than once during the term of this Agreement, elect to increase the maximum Leverage Ratio to 4.00 to
1.00 for an Adjusted Covenant Period in connection with an acquisition that involves the payment of consideration by
the Company and/or any of its members of the Group in excess of $75,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency
or currencies).
 
(c)
Minimum Interest Coverage: the Company's Interest Coverage ratio in respect of any Relevant Period ending on or after
30 June 2022 shall not be less than a ratio of 3.00:1.
 
20.3
Financial testing
 
(a)
The financial covenants set out in Clause 20.2 (Financial condition) shall be tested as of the last day of each Relevant
Period (and for the first time for the Relevant Period ending on 30 June 2022) by reference to each of the financial
statements of the Company delivered pursuant to paragraphs (a) and (d) of Clause 19.1 (Financial statements) and/or
each Compliance Certificate delivered pursuant to Clause 19.2 (Compliance Certificate).
 
(b)
For the avoidance of doubt, the financial covenants set out in Clause 20.2 (Financial condition) shall be tested based on
the consolidated financial statements of the Company and include any Financial Subsidiary.
 
(c)
For the purposes of calculating Consolidated EBITDA and/or Consolidated Interest Expense for any Relevant Period:
 
(i)
if at any time during such Relevant Period the Company or any Financial Subsidiary shall have made any
Material Disposal, the Consolidated EBITDA for such Relevant Period shall be reduced by an amount equal to
the Consolidated EBITDA (if positive) attributable to the property that is the subject of such Material Disposal
for such Relevant Period or increased by an amount equal to Consolidated EBITDA (if negative) attributable
thereto for such Relevant Period; and
 
81


[Page 99]
 
 
(ii)
if during such Relevant Period the Company or any Financial Subsidiary shall have made a Material
Acquisition, Consolidated EBITDA for such Relevant Period shall be calculated after giving effect thereto on a
pro forma basis as if such Material Acquisition occurred on the first day of such Relevant Period; and
 
(iii)
Consolidated Interest Expense shall be determined for such period on a pro forma basis as if such acquisition or
disposal, and any related incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness, had occurred at the beginning of such
period.
 
As used in this paragraph (c):
 
"Material Acquisition" means any acquisition of property or a series of related acquisitions of property that:
 
(i)
constitutes:
 
(A)
assets comprising all or substantially all or any significant portion of a business or operating unit of a
business; or
 
(B)
all or substantially all of the common stock or other Equity Interests of a person; and
 
(ii)
involves the payment of consideration (including assumed debt) by the Company and its Financial Subsidiaries
in excess of USD 10,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies).
 
"Material Disposal" means any sale, transfer or disposal of property or series of related sales, transfers or disposal of property
that
 
(i)
constitutes:
 
(A)
assets comprising all or substantially all or any significant portion of a business or operating unit of a
business; or
 
(B)
all or substantially all of the common stock or other Equity Interests of a person, and
 
(ii)
involves gross proceeds to the Company or any of its Financial Subsidiaries in excess of USD 10,000,000 (or its
equivalent in any other currency or currencies).
 
21.
GENERAL UNDERTAKINGS
 
The undertakings in this Clause 21 (General undertakings) remain in force from the date of this Agreement until both (i) the
Commitments have expired or been terminated and (ii) all L/Gs have been repaid in full as set out in Clause 8 (Repayment) of
this Agreement and there is no other amount outstanding under the Finance Documents.
 
21.1
Authorisations
 
The Company shall and shall cause each of its Material Subsidiaries to:
 
(a)
preserve and do all that is necessary to maintain in full force and effect its legal existence; and
 
82


[Page 100]
 
 
(b)
take, or cause to be taken, all reasonable actions to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect the rights,
qualifications, licenses, permits, privileges, franchises, Authorisations and intellectual property rights material to the
conduct of its business, and maintain all requisite authority to conduct its business in each jurisdiction in which its
business is conducted except, for the purposes of this paragraph (b) only, to the extent the failure to do so would not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect,
 
provided that the foregoing shall not:
 
(i)
prohibit any merger, consolidation, amalgamation, disposition, liquidation or dissolution permitted under Clause
21.5 (Merger); and
 
(ii)
require any member of the Group to preserve any right, qualification, license, permit, privilege, franchise,
Authorisation, intellectual property right or authority to conduct its business if any member of the Group shall
determine that the preservation thereon is no longer desirable in the conduct of the business of any member of
the Group and that the loss thereof is not disadvantageous in any material respect to any member of the Group
or the Lenders.
 
21.2
Compliance with laws
 
Each Obligor shall (and the Company shall ensure that its Subsidiaries will) comply with all laws, rules, regulations and orders of
any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property (including without limitation Environmental Laws), in each case
except whether the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect. The Company will maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures reasonably designed to promote
compliance in all material respects by the Company, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents
with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions, provided that such undertaking shall (to the extent it relates to Sanctions)
not be given (i) by/in respect of any Obligor or (ii) to any Lender to the extent that such undertaking would result in any violation
of, conflict with or liability under EU Regulation (EC) 2271/96, section 7 of the German Foreign Trade Ordinance
(Außenwirtschaftsverordnung) or a similar anti-boycott statute.
 
21.3
Negative pledge
 
(a)
Except as permitted under paragraph (b) below, no Obligor shall (and the Company shall ensure that no other member of
the Group will) create or permit to subsist any Security over or with respect to any of its assets, whether now owned or
hereafter acquired, or assign any right to receive income.
 
(b)
Paragraph (a) above shall not apply to any Security which is:
 
(i)
Security, if any, pursuant to any Finance Document (including Security on any cash in favour of an Issuing
Bank required pursuant to the terms of this Agreement);
 
(ii)
Security existing on the date of this Agreement (i) that does not exceed USD 1,000,000 (or its equivalent in any
other currency or currencies) or (ii) listed on Schedule 17 (List of Existing Financial Indebtedness and Existing
Security) and any renewals or extensions thereof; provided that the property covered thereby is not increased
and any renewal or extension of the obligations secured or benefited thereby is permitted by sub-paragraph
(ii) of paragraph (b) of Clause 21.14 (Financial Indebtedness);
 
83


[Page 101]
 
 
(iii)
Security for taxes not yet due and payable or which are being contested in good faith and by appropriate
proceedings in the circumstances, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the
applicable person in accordance with Applicable GAAP;
 
(iv)
carriers', warehousemen's, mechanics', materialmen's, repairmen's or other like Security arising in the ordinary
course of business which are not overdue for a period of more than 60 days or which are being contested in
good faith and by appropriate proceedings in the circumstances, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are
maintained on the books of the applicable person to the extent required in accordance with Applicable GAAP;
 
(v)
pledges or deposits in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers' compensation,
unemployment insurance and other social security legislation (including, but not limited to, section 8a of the
German Semi-retirement Act (Altersteilzeitgesetz) and section 7d of the German Social Law Act No. 4
(Sozialgesetzbuch IV) but other than any Security imposed by ERISA), including cash collateral for obligations
in respect of letters of credit, guarantee obligations or similar instruments related to the foregoing, and deposits
securing liability insurance carriers under insurance or self-insurance arrangements in the ordinary course of
business;
 
(vi)
pledges or deposits (including cash collateral for obligations in respect of letters of credit and bank guarantees)
to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts and leases (other than Financial Indebtedness), statutory
obligations, surety bonds (other than bonds related to judgements or litigation), performance bonds and other
obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business;
 
(vii)
easements, rights-of-way, restrictions and other similar encumbrances affecting real property and other minor
defects or irregularities in title and other similar encumbrances including the reservations, limitations, provisos
and conditions, which, in the aggregate, are not substantial in amount, and which do not in any case materially
detract from the value of the property of the Group taken as a whole or materially interfere with the ordinary
conduct of the business of the applicable person;
 
(viii)
Security securing Financial Indebtedness permitted under sub-paragraph (b)(iv) of Clause 21.14 (Financial
Indebtedness) provided that:
 
(A)
such Security does not at any time encumber any property other than the property financed by such
Financial Indebtedness; and
 
(B)
the Financial Indebtedness secured thereby does not exceed the cost or fair market value, whichever is
lower, of the property being acquired on the date of acquisition;
 
(ix)
Security securing Financial Indebtedness permitted under sub-paragraph (b)(xviii) of Clause 21.14 (Financial
Indebtedness) below;
 
(x)
statutory rights of set-off arising in the ordinary course of business;
 
(xi)
Security existing on the property at the time of acquisition thereof by any member of the Group and not created
in contemplation thereof;
 
84


[Page 102]
 
 
(xii)
Security existing on property of a Subsidiary of the Company at the time such Subsidiary of the Company is
merged, consolidated or amalgamated with or into, or acquired by, any member of the Group or becomes a
Subsidiary of the Company and not created in contemplation thereof;
 
(xiii)
Security in favour of banks which arise under Article 4 of the UCC on items in collection and documents
relating thereto and the proceeds thereof or which arise under banks' standard terms and conditions;
 
(xiv)
judgement Security in respect of judgements that do not constitute an Event of Default under Clause 22.12
(Adverse Judgement) or Security securing appeal or surety bonds related to such judgements, in particular but
not limited to any Security granted or to be granted by Coperion GmbH in connection with a litigation between
Xxxxxx Xxxxxxxxx and, inter alios, ThyssenKrupp Technologies Beteiligungen and Coperion GmbH;
 
(xv)
any interest or title of a landlord, lessor or sublessor under any lease of real estate or any Security affecting
solely the interest of the landlord, lessor or sublessor;
 
(xvi)
leases, licenses, subleases or sublicenses granted:
 
(A)
to others not interfering in any material respect with the business of the Group, taken as a whole; or
 
(B)
between or among any member of the Group;
 
(xvii)
purported Security evidenced by the filing of precautionary UCC financing statements, PPSA financing
statements or similar filings relating to operating leases of personal property entered into by any member of the
Group in the ordinary course of business;
 
(xviii)
any interest or title of a licensor under any license or sublicense entered into by any member of the Group as a
licensee or sublicensee:
 
(A)
existing on the date of this Agreement; or
 
(B)
in the ordinary course of business;
 
(xix)
with respect to any real property, immaterial title defects or irregularities that do not, individually or in the
aggregate, materially impair the use of such real property;
 
(xx)
Security on any xxxx xxxxxxx money deposits or other escrow arrangements made in connection with any letter
of intent or purchase agreement;
 
(xxi)
Security in favour of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs
duties in connection with the importation of goods;
 
(xxii)
Security arising out of sale and leaseback transactions;
 
(xxiii)
customary rights of first refusal, "tag along" and "drag along" rights, and put and call arrangements under joint
venture agreements;
 
(xxiv)
Security on treasury stock of the Company;
 
85


[Page 103]
 
 
(xxv)
Security (x) in favour of collecting or payor banks having a right of set-off, revocation, refund or chargeback
with respect to money or instruments on deposit with or in possession of such bank, (y) attaching to commodity
trading accounts or other brokerage accounts incurred in the ordinary course of business or (z) in favor of
banking institutions arising as a matter of law or standard business terms and conditions encumbering deposits
(including the right of setoff) and which are within the general parameters customary in the banking industry;
 
(xxvi)
Security securing obligations (contingent or otherwise) of any member of the Group existing or arising under
any Swap Agreement;
 
(xxvii) other Security securing liabilities or assignments of rights to receive income in an aggregate amount at any time
outstanding not to exceed (x) during the Adjusted Period, $50,000,000 and (y) on and after the Adjusted Period
Termination Date, the greater of USD 150,000,000 (or its equivalent in another currency or currencies) and 15%
of Consolidated Tangible Assets (calculated as of the end of the immediately preceding Financial Quarter for
which the Company's financial statements were most recently delivered pursuant to Clause 19.1 (Financial
Statements) or, if prior to the date of the delivery of the first financial statements to be delivered pursuant to
Clause 19.1 (Financial Statements), the most recent financial statements referred to in Clause 18.13 (Financial
statements)) at any time outstanding,
 
provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, no Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to have occurred if,
at the time of the creation, incurrence, assumption or initial existence thereof, such Security was permitted to be
incurred pursuant to this paragraph (xxvii) notwithstanding a decrease after such time in the basket amount
permitted under this paragraph (xxvii) as a result of a decrease in Consolidated Tangible Assets;
 
(xxviii) Security on property or assets deposited with a trustee or paying agent or otherwise segregated or held in trust or
under an escrow or other funding arrangement for the sole purpose of repurchasing, redeeming, defeasing,
repaying, satisfying and discharging or otherwise acquiring or retiring Indebtedness;
 
(xxix)
Security on Margin Stock; and
 
(xxx)
Security securing the obligations under this Agreement and/or the Existing US Facility Agreement (and related
banking services obligations and swap obligations) so long as such Security is subject to the Pari Passu
Intercreditor Agreement.
 
21.4
Disposals
 
(a)
Except as permitted under paragraph (b) below, no Obligor shall (and the Company shall ensure that no other member of
the Group will), enter into a single transaction or a series of transactions and whether voluntary or involuntary to sell,
lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the assets of the Group, taken as a whole.
 
(b)
Paragraph (a) shall not apply to:
 
(i)
the Disposal by any Subsidiary of the Company of all or substantially all of its assets (upon voluntary
liquidation or otherwise) to the Company or to another Subsidiary of the Company provided that if the
transferor in such a transaction
 
86


[Page 104]
 
 
 
 
is a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company, then the transferee must either be the Company or a wholly-
owned-Subsidiary of the Company;
 
 
 
(ii)
the Disposal by the Company of its treasury stock; and
 
(iii)
the Company and any of its Subsidiaries entering into any transaction permitted by Clause 21.5.5 (Merger).
 
21.5
Merger
 
(a)
Except as permitted under paragraph (b) below, no Obligor shall (and the Company shall ensure that no other member of
the Group will) merge, consolidate or amalgamate with or into another person.
 
(b)
Paragraph (a) shall not apply to:
 
(i)
any Subsidiary of the Company:
 
(A)
merging or consolidating with or into the Company, provided that the Company shall be the
continuing or surviving person; or
 
(B)
merging, consolidating or amalgamating with any one or more other Subsidiaries of the Company,
provided that when any wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company is merging or amalgamating with
another Subsidiary of the Company, the wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company shall be the
continuing or surviving person (or the continuing corporation resulting from such amalgamation, shall
be the wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company);
 
(ii)
any member of the Group merging (or in the case of a Subsidiary of the Company, amalgamating) with any
person in a transaction that would be an acquisition permitted under paragraph (b) of Clause 21.13
(Acquisitions) or a Disposal that is permitted under paragraph (b) of Clause 21.4 (Disposals) provided that in
the case of an acquisition:
 
(A)
if the Company is a party to such merger, it shall be the continuing or surviving person; or
 
(B)
if any Obligor (other than the Company) is a party to such merger or amalgamation, such Obligor shall
be the continuing or surviving person (or the continuing corporation resulting from such amalgamation
shall be the Obligor and shall have executed and delivered to the Agent a confirmation to that effect
reasonably satisfactory to the Agent); and
 
(iii)
any member of the Group entering into any transaction permitted by paragraph (b) of Clause 21.4 (Disposals).
 
21.6
Change of business
 
No Obligor shall (and the Company shall ensure that no other member of the Group will) enter into any material line of business
if, after giving effect thereto, the business of the Group (taken as a whole) would be substantially different from the business in
which the Group (taken as a whole) are presently engaged provided that this Clause 21.6 shall not prohibit the Company or its
Subsidiaries from entering into (x) any line of business that is reasonably related, incidental, ancillary or complementary to, or
any reasonable extension, development or expansion of, the
 
87


[Page 105]
 
 
business in which the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, are presently engaged, or (y) any other non-core incidental
businesses acquired in connection with any acquisition or investment not prohibited hereunder.
 
21.7
Centre of Main Interests and Establishments
 
Each Obligor incorporated in a member state of the European Union shall cause its registered office and "centre of main
interests" (as that term is used in Article 3(1) of the regulation (EU) 2015/848 of the European Parliament and of the Council of
20 May 2015 on insolvency proceedings (recast)) to be situated solely in its jurisdiction of incorporation and shall have an
“establishment” (as that term is used in Article 2(10) of the regulation (EU) 2015/848 of the European Parliament and of the
Council of 20 May 2015 on insolvency proceedings (recast)) situated solely in its jurisdiction of incorporation.
 
21.8
Preservation of assets and insurance
 
(a)
Each Obligor shall (and the Company shall ensure that each member of the Group will):
 
(i)
keep and maintain all property material to the conduct of the business of the Group (taken as a whole) in good
working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted; and
 
(ii)
maintain insurances with financially sound and reputable insurance companies or with a captive insurance
company that is an Affiliate of the Company in such amounts and against such risks as are customarily
maintained by companies engaged in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations.
 
(b)
During the Collateral Period, the Company will furnish to the Agent, upon any reasonable request of the Agent,
information in reasonable detail as to the insurance so maintained (but no more frequently than once per Financial Year).
Except as otherwise agreed by the Agent, during the Collateral Period, the Company shall deliver to the Agent
endorsements (x) to all “All Risk” physical damage insurance policies on all of the Domestic Obligors’ tangible personal
property and assets naming the Agent as lender loss payee, and (y) to all general liability and other liability policies of
the Domestic Obligors (other than workers’ compensation, director and officer liability or other policies in which such
endorsements are not customary) naming the Agent an additional insured.
 
21.9
Pari passu
 
Each Obligor shall ensure that its payment obligations under the Finance Documents rank at all time at least pari passu with the
claims of all of its other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors, except for obligations mandatorily preferred by law applying to
companies generally.
 
21.10
Taxation
 
Each Obligor shall (and the Company shall ensure that each member of the Group will) pay and discharge all Taxes that, if not
paid, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect before the same shall become delinquent or in default
unless and only to the extent that:
 
(a)
the validity or amount of such payment is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings;
 
 
88
 


[Page 106]
 
 
(b)
the Company or such member of the Group has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto in
accordance with Applicable GAAP; and
 
(c)
the failure to pay those Taxes would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
 
21.11
Compliance with Swiss Non-Bank Rules
 
Each Swiss Borrower shall ensure at any time that it is in compliance with the Swiss Non-Bank Rules. This undertaking shall not
be deemed to be breached if the Swiss Non-Bank Rules are breached as a result solely of:
 
(a)
a Lender has failed to comply with its obligations under Clause 23 (Changes to Lenders);
 
(b)
a Lender ceased to be a Swiss Qualifying Bank other than as a result of any change after the date it became a Finance
Party under this Agreement in (or in the interpretation, administration or application of) any law or any published
practice or concession of any relevant taxing authority.
 
21.12
Access
 
Each Obligor shall (and the Company shall ensure that each member of the Group will):
 
(a)
keep proper books of record and accounts of all material financial dealings and transactions in relation to its business
activities, which entries are true and correct in all material respects and, subject to Clause 19.1 (Financial Statements), in
form permitting financial statements conforming with GAAP to be derived therefrom; and
 
(b)
permit that representatives designated by the Agent access at reasonable times and upon reasonable prior notice, to visit
and inspect its properties, to examine and make extracts from its books and records, and to discuss its affairs, finances
and condition with its officers and, provided that any member of the Group is afforded the opportunity to participate in
such discussions, its independent accountants, all at such reasonable times and as often as reasonably requested,
provided that such visitations, inspections or examinations shall not occur more frequently than once per calendar year
so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.
 
The Company acknowledges that the Agent, after exercising its rights of inspection, may, subject to Clause 35 (Confidentiality),
prepare and distribute to the Lenders certain reports pertaining to the Group's assets for internal use by the Agent and the
Lenders. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Clause 21.12, no member of the Group will be required to disclose,
permit the inspection, examination or making of extracts, or discussion of, any documents, information or other matter that:
 
(i)
constitutes non-financial trade secrets or non-financial proprietary information;
 
(ii)
in respect of which disclosure to the Agent (or any designated representative) is then prohibited by law or any
agreement binding on any member of the Group; or
 
(iii)
is subject to lawyer-client or similar privilege which constitutes lawyer work-product.
 
21.13
Acquisitions
 
 
89
 


[Page 107]
 
 
(a)
Except as permitted under paragraph (b) below, no Obligor shall (and the Company shall ensure that no other member of
the Group will) acquire (in one or a series of transactions) all of the capital stock or equity interests or all or substantially
all of the assets of any person.
 
(b)
Paragraph (a) shall not apply to any acquisition of all of the capital stock or equity interests or all or substantially all of
the assets of any person where:
 
(i)
immediately before and after giving effect thereto, no Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would
result therefrom; and
 
(ii)
(A)         the aggregate amount invested (including assumed debt) is less than or equal to USD 375,000,000 (or its
equivalent in any other currency or currencies); or
 
(B)
the aggregate amount invested (including assumed debt) is greater than USD 375,000,000 (or its
equivalent in any other currency or currencies), and not less than five Business Days prior to the
consummation of any such acquisition or series of acquisitions, the Company delivers to the Agent
relevant financial information, statements and projections reasonably requested by the Agent for the
Relevant Period ending on the last day of the Financial Quarter for which consolidated financial
statements have most recently been delivered pursuant to Clause 19.1 (Financial statements), such
relevant financial statements giving effect to the acquisition of the company or business on a pro forma
basis and to be delivered together with a certificate by a Responsible Officer of the Company
demonstrating pro forma compliance with Clause 20 (Financial Covenants) after giving effect to such
acquisition or series of acquisitions for that Relevant Period.
 
21.14
Financial Indebtedness
 
(a)
Except as permitted under paragraph (b) below, no Obligor shall (and the Company shall ensure that no member of the
Group will) incur or allow to remain outstanding any Financial Indebtedness.
 
(b)
Paragraph (a) shall not apply to:
 
(i)
Financial Indebtedness arising under the Finance Documents;
 
(ii)
Financial Indebtedness that:
 
(A)
is outstanding on the date hereof and is less than USD 2,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other
currency or currencies) individually or USD 15,000,000 in the aggregate; or
 
(B)
arises or is incurred under agreements listed in Schedule 17 (List of Existing Financial Indebtedness
and Existing Security) and any refinancings, refundings, renewals or extensions thereof,
 
provided that the amount of such Financial Indebtedness is not increased at the time of such refinancing,
refunding, renewal or extension except by an amount equal to a reasonable premium or other reasonable
amount paid, and fees and expenses reasonably incurred, in connection with such refinancing and by an amount
equal to any existing commitments unutilised thereunder;
 
 
90
 


[Page 108]
 
 
(iii)
obligations (contingent or otherwise) of the Company or any Subsidiary existing or arising under any Swap
Agreement, provided that such obligations are (or were) entered into in the ordinary course of business and not
for purposes of speculation;
 
(iv)
Financial Indebtedness in respect of finance leases and purchase money obligations for fixed or capital assets
and any refinancings, refundings, renewals or extensions thereof provided that the amount of such Financial
Indebtedness is not increased at the time of such refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension except by an
amount equal to a reasonable premium or other reasonable amount paid, and fees and expenses reasonably
incurred, in connection with such refinancing and by an amount equal to any existing commitments unutilised
thereunder provided that the only property subject to such finance leases and purchase money obligations is
the property so acquired;
 
(v)
Financial Indebtedness that may be deemed to exist pursuant to surety bonds, appeal bonds, supersedeas bonds
or similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business;
 
(vi)
so long as no Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom at the time of incurrence, any
other unsecured Financial Indebtedness of (x) the Company or any Guarantor and (y) any Borrower under and
as defined in the Existing US Facility Agreement which is a Foreign Subsidiary, in the case of clause (y), in an
aggregate principal amount not to exceed the greater of (i) USD 200,000,000 and (ii) 20% of Consolidated
Tangible Assets (calculated as of the end of the immediately preceding Financial Quarter for which the
Company’s financial statements were most recently delivered pursuant to paragraph (a) or (d) of Clause 19.1
(Financial statements) or, if prior to the date of the delivery of the first financial statements to be delivered
pursuant to paragraph (a) or (d) of Clause 19.1 (Financial statements), the Original Financial Statements
provided that, in each case, such Financial Indebtedness is not senior in right of payment to the payment of the
Financial Indebtedness arising under this Agreement and the Finance Documents;
 
(vii)
Financial Indebtedness of a Subsidiary of the Company to the Company or any of the Company's other
Subsidiaries or Financial Indebtedness of the Company to any Subsidiary of the Company in connection with
loans or advances provided that each item of intercompany debt shall be unsecured and such Financial
Indebtedness shall only be permitted under this sub-paragraph (b)(vii) to the extent it will be eliminated for the
purposes of the consolidated financial statements of the Company in accordance with U.S. GAAP;
 
(viii)
Financial Indebtedness arising as a result of the endorsement in the ordinary course of business of negotiable
instruments in the course of collection;
 
(ix)
[reserved];
 
(x)
guarantees by the Company of Financial Indebtedness of any Subsidiary of the Company and by any Subsidiary
of the Company of Financial Indebtedness of the Company or any other Subsidiary of the Company provided
that the Financial Indebtedness so guaranteed is permitted by this paragraph (b);
 
(xi)
Financial Indebtedness owed to any person providing workers' compensation, health, disability or other
employee benefits or property, casualty, liability or other insurance to the Company or any Subsidiary of the
Company, including
 
 
91
 


[Page 109]
 
 
 
 
pursuant to reimbursement or indemnification obligations to such person, in each case incurred in the ordinary
course of business;
 
 
 
(xii)
customary contingent indemnification obligations to purchasers in connection with any Disposal;
 
(xiii)
Financial Indebtedness of any person that becomes a Subsidiary of the Company after the date of this
Agreement, provided that such Financial Indebtedness exists at the time such person becomes a Subsidiary of
the Company and is not created in contemplation thereof, and any refinancings, refundings, renewals or
extensions thereof, provided that the amount of such Financial Indebtedness is not increased at the time of
such refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension except by an amount equal to a reasonable premium or other
reasonable amount paid and fees and expenses reasonably incurred, in connection with such refinancing and by
an amount equal to any existing commitments unutilised thereunder;
 
(xiv)
Financial Indebtedness in respect of netting services, cash management obligations, overdraft protections and
otherwise in connection with deposit accounts and Financial Indebtedness arising from the honouring by a bank
or other financial institution of a cheque, draft or similar instrument inadvertently (except in the case of daylight
overdrafts) being drawn against insufficient funds in the ordinary course of business;
 
(xv)
Financial Indebtedness with respect to the deferred purchase price of property acquired and any refinancings,
refundings, renewals or extensions thereof provided that the amount of such Financial Indebtedness is not
increased at the time of such refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension except by an amount equal to any
existing commitments unutilised thereunder or by an amount equal to a reasonable premium or other reasonable
amount paid and fees and expenses reasonably incurred, in connection with such refinancing and by an amount
equal to any existing commitments unutilised thereunder;
 
(xvi)
Financial Indebtedness incurred in respect of credit cards, credit card processing services, debit cards, stored
value cards or purchase cards (including so-called "procurement cards" or "P-cards") in each case, incurred in
the ordinary course of business;
 
(xvii)
contingent liabilities in respect of any indemnification obligations, adjustment of purchase price, non-compete,
or similar obligations (other than guarantees of any Financial Indebtedness for borrowed money) of the
Company or any Subsidiary of the Company incurred in connection with the consummation of one or more
acquisitions;
 
(xviii)
other Financial Indebtedness not covered under paragraphs (i) to (xvii) above in an aggregate principal amount
not to exceed the greater of:
 
(A)
USD 150,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies); and
 
(B)
15 per cent. of Consolidated Tangible Assets (calculated as of the end of the immediately preceding
Financial Quarter for which the Company's financial statements were most recently delivered pursuant
to Clause 19.1 (Financial statements), or if prior to the date of the delivery of the first financial
statements to be delivered pursuant to Clause 19.1 (Financial statements), the Original Financial
Statements)
 
 
92
 


[Page 110]
 
 
 
provided that for the avoidance of doubt, no Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to have
occurred if, at the time of creation, incurrence, assumption or initial existence thereof, such Financial
Indebtedness was permitted to be incurred pursuant to this sub-paragraph (xviii) notwithstanding a
decrease after such time in the basket amount permitted under this sub-paragraph (xviii) as a result of a
decrease in Consolidated Tangible Assets.
 
21.15
Permitted Distributions and Payments
 
(a)
Except as permitted under paragraph (b) below, no Obligor shall (and the Company shall ensure that no member of the
Group will) declare or make any Restricted Payment or incur any obligation (contingent or otherwise) to do so.
 
(b)
Paragraph (a) above shall not apply to:
 
(i)
any Subsidiary of the Company making Restricted Payments to any member of the Group (and, in the case of a
Restricted Payment by a non-wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company, such Restricted Payment may be made
to each other owner of capital stock or other equity interests of such Subsidiary of the Company on a pro rata
basis based on their relative ownership interests);
 
(ii)
any member of the Group declaring or making any dividend payments or other distributions payable solely in
the common stock or other common equity interests of such person;
 
(iii)
any member of the Group purchasing, redeeming or otherwise acquiring shares of its common stock or other
common equity interests or warrants or options to acquire any such shares with the proceeds received from the
substantially concurrent issue of new shares of its common stock or other common equity interests;
 
(iv)
any member of the Group making distributions to or payments on behalf of current and former employees,
officers or directors of any member of the Group (or any spouses, ex-spouses, trusts or estates of any of the
foregoing) on account of exercises, purchases, redemptions or other acquisitions of Equity Interests of any
member of the Group held by such persons (including to pay for the taxes payable by such persons in
connection with a grant or award of Equity Interests of any member of the Group or upon the vesting thereof)
and repurchasing Equity Interests issued to current or former employees, officers, directors or managers upon
death, disability or termination of employment of such person or pursuant to the terms of any subscription,
stockholder or other agreement or plan approved any member of the Group's board of directors (or any
committee thereof);
 
(v)
solely during the Adjusted Period, the Company declaring and paying during each of the Company’s 2023 fiscal
year, 2024 fiscal year and 2025 fiscal year, its regularly scheduled cash dividends to its stockholders:
 
(A)
with respect to the Company’s 2023 fiscal year, in an amount up to and including $0.88 per
share;
 
(B)
with respect to the Company’s 2024 fiscal year, in an amount consistent with the aggregate
amount of dividends paid in the Company’s 2023 fiscal year plus an additional amount equal
to $0.01 per share in excess of the aggregate amount paid in
 
 
93
 


[Page 111]
 
 
 
 
the Company’s 2023 fiscal year pursuant to the foregoing sub-paragraph (A); and
 
 
 
(C)
with respect to the Company’s 2025 fiscal year, in an amount consistent with the aggregate
amount of dividends paid in the Company’s 2024 fiscal year plus an additional amount equal
to $0.01 per share in excess of the aggregate amount paid in the Company’s 2024 fiscal year
pursuant to the foregoing sub-paragraph (B),
 
provided that (i) the Company is in compliance with the Leverage Ratio set forth in paragraph (a) of
Clause 20.2 (Financial condition) (calculated as of the end of the immediately preceding Financial
Quarter for which the Company’s financial statements were most recently delivered pursuant to Clause
19.1 (Financial statements)) on a pro forma basis immediately after giving effect to such payment and
the incurrence of any Indebtedness incurred to make such payment and (ii) immediately after giving
effect to such payment, no Event of Default would exist;
 
(vi)
solely during the Adjusted Period, the Company declaring and paying cash dividends to its stockholders and
purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire shares of its capital stock or warrants, rights or options to acquire any
such shares for cash; provided that:
 
(A)
on a pro forma basis, immediately after giving effect to such proposed action in this paragraph
(vi) and the incurrence of any Financial Indebtedness incurred to take any such proposed
action in this paragraph (vi) the Leverage Ratio (calculated as of the end of the immediately
preceding Financial Quarter for which the Company’s financial statements were most recently
delivered pursuant to pursuant to Clause 19.1 (Financial statements)) is less than or equal to
3.50 to 1.00; and
 
(B)
immediately after giving effect to such proposed action in this paragraph (vi), no Event of
Default would exist; and
 
(vii)
solely (1) prior to the commencement of the Adjusted Period and (2) on and after the Adjusted Period
Termination Date, the Company declaring and paying cash dividends to its stockholders and purchasing,
redeeming or otherwise acquiring shares of its capital stock or warrants, rights or options to acquire any such
shares for cash provided that (i) the Company is in compliance with the Leverage Ratio set forth in paragraph
(a) of Clause 20.2 (Financial condition) (calculated as of the end of the immediately preceding Financial
Quarter for which the Company’s financial statements were most recently delivered pursuant to
Section Clause 19.1 (Financial statements)) on a pro forma basis immediately after giving effect to such
proposed action in this clause (vii) and the incurrence of any Indebtedness incurred to take any such proposed
action in this clause (vii) and (ii) immediately after giving effect to such proposed action in this clause (vii), no
Event of Default would exist.
 
21.16
Burdensome Agreements
 
 
94
 


[Page 112]
 
 
(a)
No Obligor shall (and the Company shall ensure that no member of the Group will) enter into any Contractual
Obligation that limits the ability:
 
(i)
of any Subsidiary of the Company to make Restricted Payments to the Company;
 
(ii)
of any Subsidiary of the Company to guarantee the Financial Indebtedness of the Borrowers under the Finance
Documents; or
 
(iii)
of any member of the Group to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist Security on property of such person to
secure the obligations of the Obligors under the Finance Documents,
 
(b)
Paragraph (a) of this Clause 21.16 (Burdensome Agreements) shall not apply to any Contractual Obligation:
 
(i)
set out in this Agreement or any other Finance Document;
 
(ii)
on subletting or assignment of any leases or licenses of any member of the Group or on the assignment of a
Contractual Obligation or any rights thereunder or any other customary non-assignment provisions, in each case
entered into in the ordinary course of business;
 
(iii)
set out in Contractual Obligations for the disposal of assets (including any Equity Interests in any Subsidiary of
the Company) of any member of the Group provided that such restrictions and conditions apply only to the
assets or Subsidiary of the Company that is to be sold;
 
(iv)
[reserved];
 
(v)
set out in any Contractual Obligation governing Financial Indebtedness permitted under sub-paragraphs (ii),
(iv), (vi), (x), (xiii), (xv), or (xviii) of paragraph (b) of Clause 21.14 (Financial Indebtedness);
 
(vi)
with respect to cash or other deposits (including escrowed funds) received by any member of the Group in the
ordinary course of business and assets subject to Security permitted by sub-paragraphs (ii), (v), (vi), (vii), (x),
(xi), (xii), (xiv), (xx), (xxii), or (xxviii) of paragraph (b) of Clause 21.3 (Negative pledge);
 
(vii)
set out in joint venture agreements or other similar agreements concerning joint ventures and applicable solely
to such joint venture;
 
(viii)
set out in any Contractual Obligation relating to an asset being acquired existing at the time of acquisition or a
Subsidiary of the Company existing at the time such Subsidiary of the Company is merged, consolidated or
amalgamated with or into, or acquired by, any member of the Group or becomes a Subsidiary of the Company
and, in each case, not in contemplation thereof;
 
(ix)
contained in any trading, netting, operating, construction, service, supply, purchase, credit card, credit card
processing service, debit card, stored value card, purchase card (including a so-called “procurement card” or “P-
card”) or other agreement to which any member of the Group is a party and entered into in the ordinary course
of business; provided that such agreement prohibits the encumbrance of solely the property or assets of any
member of the Group that are the subject of such agreement, the payment rights arising thereunder, the accounts
associated with such agreement, or the proceeds thereof and does not
 
 
95
 


[Page 113]
 
 
 
 
extend to any other asset or property of any member of the Group or the assets or property of any other
Subsidiary;
 
 
 
(x)
(A) existing by virtue of any transfer of, agreement to transfer, option or right with respect to, or Security in,
any property or assets of the Company or any Material Subsidiary not otherwise prohibited by this Agreement
(so long as such limitation or restriction applies only to the property or assets subject to such transfer, agreement
to transfer, option, right or Security), (B) contained in mortgages, pledges or other security agreements securing
Financial Indebtedness of a Subsidiary to the extent restricting the transfer of the property or assets subject
thereto, (C) pursuant to customary provisions restricting dispositions of real property interests set forth in any
reciprocal easement agreements of any member of the Group, (D) pursuant to customary provisions in any swap
or derivative transactions (including any Swap Agreement), (E) pursuant to customary provisions in leases or
licenses of intellectual property (or in other contracts governing intellectual property rights) and other similar
agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business, (F) pursuant to customary net worth provisions
contained in real property leases entered into by Subsidiaries, so long as the Company has determined in good
faith that such net worth provisions would not reasonably be expected to impair the ability of the Group to meet
their ongoing obligations or (G) on cash or other deposits imposed by customers under contracts entered into in
the ordinary course of business;
 
(xi)
customary restrictions and conditions contained in the document relating to Security permitted under this
Agreement, so long as (1) such restrictions or conditions relate only to the specific asset subject to such
Security, and (2) such restrictions and conditions are not created for the purpose of avoiding the restrictions
imposed by this Clause 21.16 (Burdensome Agreements); or
 
(xii)
customary restrictions required by, or arising by operation of law under, applicable law, rule or regulation to the
extent contained in a document relating to the Equity Interests or governance of any Foreign Subsidiary that is
not a Borrower.
 
21.17
Use of Proceeds
 
(a)
No Obligor shall (and the Company shall ensure that no other member of the Group will) use the proceeds of any
Utilisations, whether directly or indirectly, and whether immediately, incidentally or ultimately, to purchase or carry
margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U of the Board) or to extend credit to others for the purpose of
purchasing or carrying margin stock or to refund indebtedness originally incurred for such purpose, in each case, in
violation of Regulation T, U and Regulation X of the Board. No Borrower will request any Letter of Credit, and no
Borrower shall use, and the Company shall procure that its other Subsidiaries shall not use, a Letter of Credit (i) for the
purpose of making an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything
else of value, to any person in violation in any material respect of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (ii) for the purpose of
funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any
Sanctioned Country, in each case, in violation of applicable Sanctions or (iii) in any manner that would result in the
violation of any Sanctions applicable to a party to this Agreement.
 
(b)
Paragraph (a) above shall apply only to the extent that making of or compliance with such undertakings does not result in
a violation of, or conflict with, Section 7 of the
 
 
96
 


[Page 114]
 
 
 
 
German Foreign Trade Ordinance (Außenwirtschaftsverordnung (AWV)) Council Regulation (EC) No. 2271/96 of 22
November 1996 or any similar applicable antiboycott law or regulation provided that to the extent that a Group
Company cannot comply with the undertakings contained in paragraphs (a) above due to any such anti-boycott laws or
regulations, such Group Company shall comply with such provisions relating to any Sanctions that are applicable to or
binding upon such Group Company in its original jurisdiction.
 
 
 
(c)
This Clause 21.17 shall not apply:
 
(i)
to any Finance Party which qualifies as a resident party domiciled in the Federal Republic of Germany
((Inländer) within the meaning of section 2 paragraph 15 of the German Foreign Trade Act
(Außenwirtschaftsgesetz) in so far as it would result in a violation of or conflict with section 7 of the German
Foreign Trade Regulation (Außenwirtschaftsverordnung); or
 
(ii)
to any Finance Party to which the Council Regulation (EC) 2271/1996 applies in so far as it would result in a
violation of or conflict with any provision of the Council Regulation (EC) 2271/1996; and
 
(iii)
to any Group Company and any Finance Party, in each case, to which any other anti-boycott statute or
regulation applies in so far as it would result in a violation of or conflict with any provision of such other anti-
boycott statute or regulation.
 
21.18
UK Pensions
 
The Company will ensure it is not knowingly (including where it ought reasonably to know it is) a party, and will use best
endeavors to procure that no Subsidiary is a party, to any act or omission in relation to the Milacron Pension Scheme which has
or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect (including, without limitation, in relation to the issuance of a
contribution notice or financial support direction by the Pensions Regulator for the purposes of the United Kingdom Pensions Act
2004 or the exercise of any Criminal Pension Power by the Pensions Regulator or CPS).
 
21.19
Compliance with U.S. Regulations
 
No Obligor currently is required to be registered as an "investment company" (as such term is defined in the United States
Investment Company Act of 1940) and the Company shall ensure that no Obligor is required to register as an investment
company under such act if such registration would cause the making of any Utilisation, or the application of the proceeds or
repayment of any Utilisation by any Obligor or the consummation of the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, to
violate any provision of such act or any rule, regulation or order of the SEC thereunder.
 
21.20
Additional Guarantors
 
The Company shall procure that any other member of the Group which is a Material Domestic Subsidiary (except for any
Excluded Subsidiary) shall, as soon as possible after becoming a Material Domestic Subsidiary but in any event within 45 days
after delivery of the respective annual Compliance Certificate showing that such member of the Group qualifies as a Material
Domestic Subsidiary becomes an Additional Guarantor under this Agreement in accordance with Clause 24.4.
 
 
97
 


[Page 115]
 
 
21.21
Collateral; Further Assurances
 
(a)
Within sixty (60) days (or such later date as may be reasonably agreed upon by the Agent) after the date of a Collateral
Springing Event, the Company will, and will cause each Guarantor to enter into the Security Agreement.
 
(b)
Within sixty (60) days (or such later date as may be reasonably agreed upon by the Agent) after the date of a Collateral
Springing Event, and thereafter at all times during the Collateral Period, subject to the terms, limitations and exceptions
set forth in this Agreement and the applicable Collateral Documents, the Company will cause, and will cause each other
Domestic Obligor to cause, all of its owned property (whether personal, tangible, intangible, or mixed but excluding
Excluded Assets) to be subject at all times to perfected Security in favor of the Security Agent for the benefit of the
Secured Parties to secure the Secured Obligations in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Collateral
Documents on a first priority basis, subject in any case to Security permitted pursuant to Clause 21.3 (Negative Pledge)
(provided that such perfection shall be limited to the United States). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and
subject to the terms, limitations and exceptions set forth in this Agreement and the applicable Collateral Documents, the
Company will cause the Applicable Pledge Percentage of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of each Pledge
Subsidiary (other than Excluded Assets) directly owned by the Company or any other Domestic Obligor to be subject at
all times to a first priority perfected (subject in any case to Security permitted pursuant to Clause 21.3 (Negative Pledge))
Security in favor of the Security Agent to secure the Secured Obligations in accordance with the terms and conditions of
the Collateral Documents.
 
(c)
Without limiting the foregoing, during the Collateral Period, the Company will, and will cause each member of the
Group to, execute and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered, to the Agent such documents, agreements and
instruments, and will take or cause to be taken such further actions, which may be required by law or which the Security
Agent or the Agent may, from time to time, reasonably request to carry out the terms and conditions of this Agreement
and the other Finance Documents and to ensure perfection and priority of the Security created or intended to be created
by the Collateral Documents, subject to the terms, limitations and exceptions set forth herein or in any Collateral
Document, all at the expense of the Company.
 
(d)
Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything contained in this Agreement or any other Finance Document to the contrary,
in respect of the Company and its Subsidiaries, (i) no actions in any non-U.S. jurisdiction or required by the laws of any
non-U.S. jurisdiction to create or perfect a security interest shall be required in order to create any security interests in
assets or to perfect such security interests, including any intellectual property registered in any non-U.S. jurisdiction,
(ii) no control agreements, landlord waivers, estoppels or collateral access letters shall be required and (iii) no actions
shall be required to perfect a security interest in letter of credit rights or commercial tort claims, other than the filing of a
UCC financing statement.
 
21.22
Funds for Repayments of Obligations
 
The Company will not, and will not permit any member of the Group to, use any cash and cash equivalents derived from, or
proceeds from, sales of technologies that could reasonably be used in the development, design, production or manufacturing of
cannabis-infused edible products to make any payment, prepayment, repayment, discharge or satisfaction in respect of any of the
L/Gs.
 
 
98
 


[Page 116]
 
 
22.
EVENTS OF DEFAULT
 
Each of the events or circumstances set out in this Clause 22 is an Event of Default (save for Clause 22.16 (Acceleration) and
Clause 22.17 (Acceleration for Insolvency)).
 
22.1
Non-payment
 
An Obligor does not pay on the due date any amount payable by an Obligor pursuant to a Finance Document at the place and in
the currency in which it is expressed to be payable unless:
 
(a)
its failure to pay is caused by administrative or technical error; and
 
(b)
payment is made within five Business Days of its due date.
 
22.2
Financial covenants
 
Any requirement of Clause 20 (Financial Covenants) is not satisfied.
 
22.3
Other obligations
 
An Obligor does not comply with any provision of the Finance Documents relating to an Obligor (other than those referred to in
Clause 22.1 (Non-payment) and Clause 20 (Financial Covenants) above), and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period
of 15 Business Days after notice thereof from the Agent to the Company (which notice will be given at the request of any
Lender).
 
22.4
Misrepresentation
 
Any representation or warranty made or deemed to be made by or on behalf of an Obligor in the Finance Documents or any
amendment or modification thereof or waiver thereunder, or in any report, certificate, financial statement or other document
furnished pursuant to or in connection with any Finance Document or any amendment or modification thereof or waiver
thereunder, proves to have been incorrect in any material respect when made or deemed to be made.
 
22.5
Cross default
 
(a)
Any Material Indebtedness of any member of the Group is not paid when due which failure to pay is not cured within
any applicable grace period after delivery of any applicable required notice.
 
(b)
Any Material Indebtedness of any member of the Group becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a
result of an event of default (however described).
 
(c)
Any creditor of any member of the Group becomes entitled, after the expiration of any applicable grace period and
delivery of any applicable required notice, to declare any Material Indebtedness of any member of the Group due and
payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described).
 
(d)
For the avoidance of doubt, paragraphs (b) and (c) shall not apply if any Material Indebtedness:
 
(i)
becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property or assets securing such Material
Indebtedness;
 
(ii)
becomes due as a result of a refinancing thereof permitted pursuant to this Agreement;
 
 
99
 


[Page 117]
 
 
(iii)
constitutes any reimbursement obligation in respect of a letter of credit as a result of a drawing thereunder by a
beneficiary therein in accordance with its terms;
 
(iv)
is mandatorily prepayable prior to the scheduled maturity thereof with the proceeds of the issuance of capital
stock, the incurrence of other Material Indebtedness or the sale or other disposal of any assets, that has become
due so long as it is prepaid in full with such net proceeds required to be prepaid when due (or within any
applicable grace period) and such event shall not have otherwise resulted in an event of default with respect
thereto;
 
(v)
is repaid by way of any redemption, conversion or settlement that is convertible into Equity Interests (and cash
in lieu of fractional shares) and/or cash (in lieu of such Equity Interests in an amount determined by reference to
the price of the common stock of the Company at the time of such conversion or settlement) in the Company
pursuant to its terms unless such redemption, conversion or settlement results from a default thereunder or an
event of a type that constitutes an Event of Default;
 
(vi)
becomes due as a result of prepayments required by the terms of Indebtedness as a result of customary
provisions in respect of illegality, replacement of lenders and gross-up provisions for Taxes, increased costs,
capital adequacy and other similar customary requirements; and
 
(vii)
becomes due as a result of any voluntary prepayment, redemption or other satisfaction of Indebtedness
becoming mandatory in accordance with the terms of such Indebtedness solely as the result of the Company or
any Subsidiary delivering a prepayment, redemption or similar notice with respect to such prepayment,
redemption or other satisfaction.
 
22.6
Insolvency
 
(a)
The Company, any Borrower or any Material Subsidiary is unable or admits in writing its inability or failure generally to
pay its debts as they fall due and in particular any Borrower or Material Subsidiary incorporated in Germany is unable to
pay its debts as they fall due (zahlungsunfähig) within the meaning of section 17 of the Insolvency Code
(Insolvenzordnung).
 
(b)
Any Borrower or any Material Subsidiary (other than the Company, any other Borrower or any Material Subsidiary
incorporated in a jurisdiction of the U.S.):
 
(i)
by reasons of actual or anticipated financial difficulties commences negotiations with its creditors in general (or
any class of them) with a view to rescheduling any of its indebtedness;
 
(ii)
the value of the assets of which are less than its liabilities (taking into account contingent and prospective
liabilities) and under the laws of the respective jurisdiction of incorporation or organisation of that entity, this
constitutes a reason for the opening of insolvency proceedings;
 
(iii)
which is a Borrower organized under the laws of England and Wales, or which is a Borrower capable of
becoming subject of an order for winding-up or administration under the Insolvency Act 1986, is deemed to or
declared to be unable to pay its debts when due.
 
 
100
 


[Page 118]
 
 
(c)
Any Material Subsidiary or any Borrower incorporated in Germany is deemed to or declared to be unable to pay its debts
when due, suspends or announces its intention to suspend payments of any of its debts, is over-indebted (überschuldet)
within the meaning of section 19 of the Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung) or, with respect to any other Material
Subsidiary or any Borrower which is neither incorporated in Germany nor in a jurisdiction of the U.S. the value of its
assets is less than its liabilities and under the laws of its respective jurisdiction of incorporation this constitutes a reason
for the opening of insolvency proceedings.
 
22.7
Insolvency proceedings
 
(a)
An involuntary proceeding is commenced or an involuntary petition is filed against the Company, any Borrower or any
Material Subsidiary seeking:
 
(i)
liquidation, reorganisation or other relief in respect of the Company or any Material Subsidiary or its debts, or
of a substantial part of its assets, under any federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or
similar law now or hereafter in effect (including, without limitation, any applicable provisions or any
corporations legislation); or
 
(ii)
the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for the Company or
any Material Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets,
 
and, in any such case, such proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed for 60 days or an order or decree
approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered.
 
(b)
The Company, any Borrower or any Material Subsidiary shall:
 
(i)
voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief
under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect
(including, without limitation, any applicable provisions or any corporations legislation);
 
(ii)
consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or petition
described in paragraph 22.7(a)(i) of this Clause 22.7;
 
(iii)
apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar
official for the Company, any Borrower or any Material Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets;
 
(iv)
file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding;
 
(v)
make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or
 
(vi)
take any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing.
 
(c)
Any board or shareholder resolution is passed, legal proceedings or other constitutional procedure or step is taken by any
Obligor or Material Subsidiary (other than any Obligor or Material Subsidiary incorporated in a jurisdiction of the U.S.)
(such Obligor or Material Subsidiary, a "Non-U.S. Entity") whether voluntary or involuntary in relation to:
 
 
101
 


[Page 119]
 
 
(i)
the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, dissolution, administration or
reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) of any Non-U.S. Entity
other than a solvent liquidation or reorganisation of any Non-U.S. Entity which is not an Obligor;
 
(ii)
(by reason of financial difficulties) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor of
any Non-U.S. Entity (including but without limitation to a restructuring plan under Part 26A of the Companies
Act 2006 in respect of an Obligor incorporated in the United Kingdom);
 
(iii)
the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation of any Non-U.S. Entity which is
not an Obligor), receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer in
respect of any Non-U.S. Entity or any of its assets;
 
(iv)
enforcement of any Security over any assets of any Borrower organized under the laws of England and Wales,
or any other Borrower capable of becoming subject of an order for winding-up or administration under the
Insolvency Act 1986, if in excess of GBP 25,000,000; or
 
(v)
any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction.
 
This paragraph (c) shall not apply to any to any action, proceeding, procedure or formal step which is frivolous or
vexatious and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within 21 days of commencement.
 
(d)
Any corporate action legal proceeding or other formal step or procedure is taken by or in relation to a Borrower or
Material Subsidiary incorporated in Germany in relation to:
 
(i)
the filing for the opening of insolvency proceedings (Antrag auf Eröffnung eines Insolvenzverfahrens) in
relation to it or any of its assets; or
 
(ii)
the competent court takes any of the actions set out in section 21 German Insolvency Code (Anordnung von
Sicherungsmaßnahmen) against it; or
 
(iii)
a competent court institutes or rejects (for reason of insufficiency of its funds to implement such proceedings
(Abweisung xxxxxxx Xxxxx)) insolvency proceedings against it (Eröffnung des Insolvenzverfahrens)
 
save that this paragraph (d) shall not apply to any action, proceeding, procedure or formal step which is frivolous or
vexatious and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within 21 days of commencement.
 
22.8
Creditors' process
 
Any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress or execution affects a substantial part of the assets of the Company, any
Borrower or the Material Subsidiaries and is not discharged within 15 Business Days.
 
22.9
Ownership of the Borrowers
 
The Company ceases to own, directly or indirectly and/or control 100 per cent. (other than (i) directors' qualifying shares and
(ii) shares issued to foreign nationals to the extent required by applicable law) of the ordinary voting and economic power of any
Borrower.
 
 
102
 


[Page 120]
 
 
22.10
Unlawfulness
 
It is or becomes unlawful for an Obligor to perform any of its material obligations under the Finance Documents.
 
22.11
Repudiation or invalidity
 
(a)
An Obligor repudiates a Finance Document or evidences an intention to repudiate a Finance Document in any material
respect.
 
(b)
Any material provision of any Finance Document that is binding on an Obligor ceases to be valid, binding or enforceable
in accordance with its terms.
 
(c)
Any Collateral Document, for any reason, fails to create a valid and perfected first priority security interest in any
material portion of the Collateral purported to be covered thereby (in each case unless any such loss of perfection or
priority results solely from (i) the Agent no longer having possession of any certificates, promissory notes or other
instruments actually received by it representing possessory collateral pledged under the Collateral Documents or (ii) the
UCC continuation statements not being filed in a timely manner), except as permitted by the terms of any Finance
Document.
 
22.12
Adverse Judgement
 
(a)
A judgement or order for the payment of an amount exceeding USD 75,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency
or currencies) (net of any amounts that are covered by a valid and binding policy of insurance between the defendant and
the insurer covering payment thereof and as to which such insurer, which shall be rated at least “A” by A.M. Best
Company, has been notified of, and has not disputed the claim made for payment of, the amount of such judgment or
order) is rendered against a member of the Group and remains undischarged or unpaid and either (i) enforcement
proceedings shall have been commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or order or (ii) there shall be any period of
60 days during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment or order, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, shall
not be in effect.
 
(b)
No Event of Default will occur under this Clause 22.12 in respect of the litigation between Xxxxxx Xxxxxxxxx and,
inter alios, ThyssenKrupp Technologies Beteiligungen and Coperion GmbH.
 
22.13
ERISA Event
 
Any ERISA Event shall have occurred that, when aggregated with all other ERISA Events that have occurred, would reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
 
22.14
UK Pensions
 
The Company or any of its Subsidiaries is notified that any of them has, in relation to the Milacron Pension Scheme, incurred a
debt or other liability under section 75 or 75A of the United Kingdom Pensions Act 1995, or has been issued with a contribution
notice or financial support direction (as those terms are defined in the United Kingdom Pensions Act 2004) or has been subject to
the exercise of any Criminal Pension Power, or otherwise is determined by a Governmental Authority to be liable to pay any
other amount in respect of the Milacron Pension Scheme, in each case that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect.
 
22.15
Cessation of Business
 
 
103
 


[Page 121]
 
 
Other than pursuant to a transaction expressly permitted pursuant to this Agreement, any Obligor ceases to carry on all or a
material part of its business it carried on at the date of signing of the Agreement to the extent that such cessation would
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
 
22.16
Acceleration
 
On and at any time after the occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing the Agent may, and shall if so directed by the
Majority Lenders, by notice to the Company:
 
(a)
cancel the Total Commitments whereupon they shall immediately be cancelled; and/or
 
(b)
declare that all or part of the Utilisations, together with accrued interest, and all other amounts accrued or outstanding
under the Finance Documents be immediately due and payable, whereupon they shall become immediately due and
payable.
 
22.17
Acceleration for Insolvency
 
If an Event of Default under paragraphs (a) or (b) of Clause 22.7 (Insolvency Proceedings) shall occur in respect of any Obligor
in any U.S. jurisdiction or is being commenced in any U.S. court, then without notice to such Obligor or any other act by the
Agent or any other person, the Utilisations made available to or for the benefit of such Obligor, interest thereon or other fees and
all other amounts owed by such Obligor under the Finance Documents shall become immediately due and payable without
presentment, demand, protest or notice of any kind, all of which are expressly waived.
 
23.
CHANGES TO THE LENDERS
 
23.1
Assignments and transfers by the Lenders
 
No Lender may transfer or assign any of its rights or obligations under any Finance Document, except that, subject to this Clause
23, a Lender (the "Existing Lender") may:
 
(a)
assign any of its rights; or
 
(b)
assign and transfer by assumption of contract (Vertragsübernahme) any of its rights and obligations,
 
to another bank or financial institution or to a trust, fund or other entity which is regularly engaged in or established for the
purpose of investing into L/G facilities and issuing of L/Gs (other than an Ineligible Institution) (the "New Lender").
 
23.2
Conditions of assignment or assignment and transfer by assumption of contract (Vertragsübernahme)
 
(a)
The consent of the Company is required for an assignment or an assignment and transfer by assumption of contract
(Vertragsübernahme) by an Existing Lender, unless the assignment or assignment and transfer by assumption of contract
(Vertragsübernahme) is:
 
(i)
to another Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender; and such Affiliate of a Lender is a Swiss Qualifying Bank;
 
(ii)
an Approved Fund, provided such transfer does not lead to a violation of the Swiss Ten Non-Qualifying Bank
Creditor Rule; or
 
 
104
 


[Page 122]
 
 
(iii)
made at a time when an Event of Default under Clause 22.1 (Non payment), Clause 22.6 (Insolvency) and/or
Clause 22.7 (Insolvency proceedings) is continuing.
 
(b)
The consent of the Company to an assignment or assignment and transfer by assumption of contract
(Vertragsübernahme) must not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. The consent of the Company is not deemed to be
unreasonably withheld if the proposed assignment or assignment and transfer by assumption of contract
(Vertragsübernahme) would lead to a breach of the Swiss Ten Non-Qualifying Bank Creditor Rule. The Finance Parties
shall have the right to make assignment or assignment and transfer by assumption of contract (Vertragsübernahme) in
relation to this Agreement to up to 10 (ten) New Lenders that are not a Swiss Qualifying Bank and the Company and
each Swiss Borrower shall ensure that the acceptance of up to 10 (ten) New Lenders that are not a Swiss Qualifying
Bank under this Agreement would not cause a breach of the Swiss Twenty Non-Qualifying Bank Creditor Rule at any
time. The Company will be deemed to have given its consent (10) ten Business Days after the Existing Xxxxxx has
requested it in writing unless consent is expressly refused by the Company within that time.
 
(c)
An assignment will only be effective on:
 
(i)
receipt by the Agent of written confirmation from the New Lender (in form and substance satisfactory to the
Agent) that the New Lender will assume the same obligations to the other Finance Parties as it would have been
under if it was an Original Lender and, with respect to a Swiss Borrower, if the New Lender represents in the
Transfer Certificate to the Agent and each Obligor whether or not it is a Swiss Qualifying Bank; and
 
(ii)
performance by the Agent of all necessary "know your customer" or other similar checks under all applicable
laws and regulations in relation to such assignment to a New Lender, the completion of which the Agent shall
promptly notify to the Existing Lender and the New Lender.
 
(d)
An assignment and transfer by assumption of contract (Vertragsübernahme) will only be effective if the procedure set
out in Clause 23.5 (Procedure for assignment and transfer by assumption of contract (Vertragsübernahme)) is complied
with.
 
(e)
If:
 
(i)
a Lender assigns or assigns and transfers by assumption of contract (Vertragsübernahme) any of its rights or
obligations under the Finance Documents or changes its Facility Office; and
 
(ii)
as a result of circumstances existing at the date the assignment, assignment and transfer by assumption of
contract (Vertragsübernahme) or change occurs, an Obligor would be obliged to make a payment to the New
Lender or Lender acting through its new Facility Office under Clause 12 (Tax gross-up and Indemnities) or
Clause 13 (Increased Costs),
 
then the New Lender or Lender acting through its new Facility Office is only entitled to receive payment under those
Clauses to the same extent as the Existing Lender or Lender acting through its previous Facility Office would have been
if the assignment, assignment and transfer by assumption of contract (Vertragsübernahme) or change had not occurred.
This paragraph (e) shall not apply in relation to Clause 12 (Tax gross-up and Indemnities), to a Treaty Lender that has
included a confirmation of its scheme reference number and its jurisdiction of tax residence in accordance with
paragraph
 
 
105
 


[Page 123]
 
 
 
 
(j)(ii)(B) of Clause 12.2 (Tax gross-up) if the Borrower making the payment has not made a Borrower DTTP Filing in
respect of that Treaty Lender.
 
 
 
(f)
Each New Lender, by executing the relevant Transfer Certificate confirms, for the avoidance of doubt, that the Agent has
authority to execute on its behalf any amendment or waiver that has been approved by or on behalf of the requisite
Lender or Lenders in accordance with this Agreement on or prior to the date on which the assignment or assignment and
transfer by assumption of contract (Vertragsübernahme) becomes effective in accordance with this Agreement and that it
is bound by that decision to the same extent as the Existing Lender would have been had it remained a Lender.
 
(g)
The New Lender agrees, by executing the relevant Transfer Certificate, that its identity and other information regarding
its status as to whether or not it is a Swiss Qualifying Bank may be disclosed to the Swiss Federal Tax Administration (if
the latter so requests).
 
23.3
Assignment or assignment and transfer by assumption of contract (Vertragsübernahme) fee
 
The New Lender shall, on the date upon which an assignment or assignment and transfer by assumption of contract
(Vertragsübernahme) takes effect, pay to the Agent (for its own account) a fee of EUR 4,000.
 
23.4
Limitation of responsibility of Existing Lender
 
(a)
Unless expressly agreed to the contrary, an Existing Lender makes no representation or warranty and assumes no
responsibility to a New Lender for:
 
(i)
the legality, validity, effectiveness, adequacy or enforceability of the Finance Documents or any other
documents;
 
(ii)
the financial condition of any Obligor;
 
(iii)
the performance and observance by any Obligor of its obligations under the Finance Documents or any other
documents; or
 
(iv)
the accuracy of any statements (whether written or oral) made in or in connection with any Finance Document
or any other document,
 
and any representations or warranties implied by law are excluded.
 
(b)
Each New Lender confirms to the Existing Lender and the other Finance Parties that it:
 
(i)
has made (and shall continue to make) its own independent investigation and assessment of the financial
condition and affairs of each Obligor and its related entities in connection with its participation in this
Agreement and has not relied exclusively on any information provided to it by the Existing Lender in
connection with any Finance Document; and
 
(ii)
will continue to make its own independent appraisal of the creditworthiness of each Obligor and its related
entities whilst any amount is or may be outstanding under the Finance Documents or any Commitment is in
force.
 
(c)
Nothing in any Finance Document obliges an Existing Lender to:
 
(i)
accept a re-assignment or a re-assignment and re-transfer by assumption of contract (Vertragsübernahme) from
a New Lender of any of the rights
 
 
106
 


[Page 124]
 
 
 
 
and obligations assigned or assigned and transferred by assumption of contract (Vertragsübernahme') under this
Clause 23; or
 
 
 
(ii)
support any losses directly or indirectly incurred by the New Lender by reason of the non-performance by any
Obligor of its obligations under the Finance Documents or otherwise.
 
23.5
Procedure for assignment and transfer by assumption of contract (Vertragsübernahme)
 
(a)
Subject to the conditions set out in Clause 23.2 (Conditions of assignment or assignment and transfer by assumption of
contract (Vertragsübernahme)) an assignment and transfer by assumption of contract (Vertragsübernahme) is effected in
accordance with paragraph (c) below when the Agent executes an otherwise duly completed Transfer Certificate
delivered to it by the Existing Lender and the New Lender. The Agent shall, subject to paragraph (b) below, as soon as
reasonably practicable after receipt by it of a duly completed Transfer Certificate appearing on its face to comply with
the terms of this Agreement and delivered in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, execute that Transfer
Certificate.
 
(b)
The Agent shall only be obliged to execute a Transfer Certificate delivered to it by the Existing Lender and the New
Lender once it is satisfied it has complied with all necessary "know your customer" or other similar checks under all
applicable laws and regulations in relation to the transfer to such New Lender.
 
(c)
On the Transfer Date:
 
(i)
to the extent that in the Transfer Certificate the Existing Lender seeks to assign and transfer by assumption of
contract (Vertragsübernahme) its rights and obligations under the Finance Documents each of the Obligors and
the Existing Lender shall be released from further obligations towards one another under the Finance
Documents and their respective rights against one another under the Finance Documents shall be cancelled
(being the "Discharged Rights and Obligations");
 
(ii)
each of the Obligors and the New Lender shall assume obligations towards one another and/or acquire rights
against one another which differ from the Discharged Rights and Obligations only insofar as that Obligor and
the New Lender have assumed and/or acquired the same in place of that Obligor and the Existing Lender;
 
(iii)
the Agent, the Arranger, the New Lender and other Lenders shall acquire the same rights and assume the same
obligations between themselves as they would have acquired and assumed had the New Lender been an
Original Lender with the rights and/or obligations acquired or assumed by it as a result of the assignment and
transfer by assumption of contract (Vertragsübernahme) and to that extent the Agent, the Arranger and the
Existing Lender shall each be released from further obligations to each other under the Finance Documents; and
 
(iv)
the New Lender shall become a Party as a "Lender".
 
23.6
Copy of Transfer Certificate or Increase Confirmation to Company
 
The Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after it has executed a Transfer Certificate or an Increase Confirmation, send
to the Company a copy of that Transfer Certificate or Increase Confirmation.
 
 
107
 


[Page 125]
 
 
23.7
Security over Lenders' rights
 
In addition to the other rights provided to Lenders under this Clause 23, each Lender may without consulting with or obtaining
consent from any Obligor, at any time assign, charge, pledge or otherwise create Security in or over (whether by way of collateral
or otherwise) all or any of its rights under any Finance Document to secure obligations of that Lender including, without
limitation any assignment, charge, pledge or other Security to secure obligations to a federal reserve or central bank except that
no such assignment, charge, pledge or Security shall:
 
(a)
release a Lender from any of its obligations under the Finance Documents or substitute the beneficiary of the relevant
assignment, charge, pledge or Security for the Lender as a party to any of the Finance Documents; or
 
(b)
require any payments to be made by an Obligor other than or in excess of, or grant to any person any more extensive
rights than, those required to be made or granted to the relevant Lender under the Finance Documents.
 
23.8
Register
 
The Agent, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of any Borrower, shall maintain a copy of each Transfer
Certificate, Increase Confirmation, or an assignment or assignment and transfer by assumption of contract (Vertragsübernahme)
delivered to it and a register for the recording of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and the
Utilisations owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (for the purposes of this provision, the
“Register”). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Obligors, the Agent and the Lenders
shall treat each person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes
of this Agreement. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Obligors and any Lender, at any reasonable time and
from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.
 
24.
CHANGES TO THE OBLIGORS
 
24.1
Assignments and transfers by Obligors
 
No Obligor may assign any of its rights or transfer any of its rights or obligations under the Finance Documents.
 
24.2
Additional Borrowers
 
(a)
Subject to compliance with the provisions of paragraph (d) of Clause 19.8 ("Know your customer" checks), the Company
may, by not less than 10 Business Days' prior written notice to the Agent, request that any of its wholly owned
Subsidiaries becomes an Additional Borrower (Vertragsbeitritt). That Subsidiary shall become an Additional Borrower
if:
 
(i)
it is a Subsidiary incorporated in a jurisdiction of a Borrower;
 
(ii)
it is a Subsidiary incorporated in an Approved Jurisdiction and the Majority Lenders approve the addition of
that Subsidiary (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); or
 
(iii)
it is a Subsidiary incorporated in any other jurisdiction and all the Lenders approve the addition of that
Subsidiary (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); and in each case
 
 
108
 


[Page 126]
 
 
(A)
the Company delivers to the Agent a duly completed and executed Accession Letter;
 
(B)
the Company confirms that no Default is continuing or would occur as a result of that Subsidiary
becoming an Additional Borrower; and
 
(C)
the Agent has received all of the documents and other evidence listed in Part 2 (Conditions Precedent
required to be Delivered by an Additional Obligor) of Schedule 2 (Conditions Precedent) in relation to
that Additional Borrower, each in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent.
 
(b)
The Agent shall notify the Company and the Lenders promptly upon being satisfied that it has received (in form and
substance satisfactory to it) all the documents and other evidence listed in Part 2 (Conditions Precedent required to be
Delivered by an Additional Obligor) of Schedule 2 (Conditions Precedent).
 
24.3
Resignation of a Borrower
 
(a)
The Company may request that a Borrower (other than Coperion GmbH) ceases to be a Borrower by delivering to the
Agent a Resignation Letter.
 
(b)
The Agent shall accept a Resignation Letter and notify the Company and the Lenders of its acceptance if:
 
(i)
no Default is continuing or would result from the acceptance of the Resignation Letter (and the Company has
confirmed this is the case); and
 
(ii)
the Borrower has repaid its L/G (and any L/G of its Affiliates, if any), any fees, interests or costs relating thereto
and any other amount payable by such Borrower (or any Affiliate of it) under the Finance Documents (other
than indemnities and other contingent obligations not then due and payable and as to which no claim has been
made),
 
whereupon that company shall cease to be a Borrower and shall have no further rights or further obligations under the
Finance Documents from the date of effectiveness of that resignation.
 
24.4
Additional Guarantors
 
(a)
Subject to compliance with the provisions of paragraph (d) of Clause 19.8 ("Know your customer" checks), the Company
may, by not less than 10 Business Days' prior written notice to the Agent, request that any of its wholly owned
Subsidiaries or any Domestic Subsidiary become an Additional Guarantor. That Subsidiary or Domestic Subsidiary shall
become an Additional Guarantor if:
 
(i)
it is a Subsidiary incorporated in an Approved Jurisdiction and it is either a Domestic Subsidiary or the Majority
Lenders approve the addition of that Subsidiary (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); or
 
(ii)
it is a Subsidiary incorporated in any other jurisdiction and all the Lenders approve the addition of that
Subsidiary (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); and in each case
 
(A)
the Company delivers to the Agent a duly completed and executed Accession Letter; and
 
 
109
 


[Page 127]
 
 
(B)
the Agent has received all of the documents and other evidence listed in Part 2 (Conditions Precedent
required to be Delivered by an Additional Obligor) of Schedule 2 (Conditions Precedent) in relation to
that Additional Guarantor, each in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent.
 
(b)
The Agent shall notify the Company and the Lenders promptly upon being satisfied that it has received (in form and
substance satisfactory to it) all the documents and other evidence listed in Part 2 (Conditions Precedent required to be
Delivered by an Additional Obligor) of Schedule 2 (Conditions Precedent).
 
24.5
Resignation of a Guarantor
 
(a)
The Company may request that a Guarantor (other than the Company) ceases to be a Guarantor by delivering to the
Agent a Resignation Letter.
 
(b)
The Agent shall accept a Resignation Letter and notify the Company and the Lenders of its acceptance, provided that:
 
(i)
no Default is continuing or would result from the acceptance of the Resignation Letter;
 
(ii)
at the time of acceptance of the respective Resignation Letter, the Guarantor is not a Material Domestic
Subsidiary;
 
(iii)
no payment is due from the Guarantor under Clause 17 (Guarantee and Indemnity); and
 
(iv)
where the Guarantor is also a Borrower, it has repaid its L/G (and any L/G of its Affiliates, if any), any fees,
interests or costs relating thereto and any other amount payable by such Borrower (or any Affiliate of it) under
the Finance Documents (other than indemnities and other contingent obligations not then due and payable and
as to which no claim has been made) and has resigned and ceased to be a Borrower under Clause 24.3
(Resignation of a Borrower),
 
whereupon that company shall cease to be a Guarantor and shall have no further obligations under the Finance
Documents from the date of effectiveness of that resignation.
 
24.6
Release of a Guarantor
 
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Clause 24 to the contrary a Guarantor (other than the Company) shall automatically
be released from its obligations as a Guarantor under this Agreement upon the consummation of any transaction permitted by this
Agreement as a result of which such Guarantor ceases to be a Subsidiary of the Company provided that, if so required by this
Agreement, the Majority Lenders shall have consented to such transaction and the terms of such consent shall not have provided
otherwise. In connection with any termination or release pursuant to this Clause 24.6 the Agent shall (and is hereby irrevocably
authorized by each Lender to) execute and deliver to any Obligor, at such Obligor's expense, all documents that such Obligor
shall reasonably request to evidence such termination or release. Any execution and delivery of documents pursuant to this
Clause shall be without recourse to or warranty by the Agent.
 
24.7
Repetition of Representations
 
 
110
 


[Page 128]
 
 
Delivery of an Accession Letter constitutes confirmation by the relevant Subsidiary that the Repeated Representations are true
and correct in all material respects in relation to it as at the date of delivery as if made by reference to the facts and circumstances
then existing, except that to the extent that such representation or warranty expressly relates to an earlier date, such representation
or warranty is true and correct as of such earlier date.
 
25.
ROLE OF THE AGENT AND THE ARRANGER
 
25.1
Appointment of the Agent
 
(a)
Each of the Arranger and the Lenders appoints the Agent to act as its agent and attorney (Stellvertreter) under and in
connection with the Finance Documents.
 
(b)
Each of the Arranger and the Lenders authorises the Agent to perform the duties, obligations and responsibilities and to
exercise the rights, powers, authorities and discretions specifically given to the Agent under or in connection with the
Finance Documents together with any other incidental rights, powers, authorities and discretions.
 
(c)
Each of the Arranger and the Lenders hereby exempts the Agent from the restrictions pursuant to section 181 German
Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) and similar restrictions applicable to it pursuant to any other applicable law, in
each case to the extent legally possible to such Finance Party. A Finance Party which cannot grant such exemption shall
notify the Agent accordingly.
 
25.2
Instructions
 
(a)
The Agent shall:
 
(i)
unless a contrary indication appears in a Finance Document, exercise or refrain from exercising any right,
power, authority or discretion vested in it as Agent in accordance with any instructions given to it by:
 
(A)
all Lenders if the relevant Finance Document stipulates the matter is an all Lender decision; and
 
(B)
in all other cases, the Majority Lenders; and
 
(ii)
not be liable for any act (or omission) if it acts (or refrains from acting) in accordance with paragraph (i) above.
 
(b)
The Agent shall be entitled to request instructions, or clarification of any instruction, from the Majority Lenders (or, if
the relevant Finance Document stipulates the matter is a decision for any other Lender or group of Lenders, from that
Lender or group of Lenders) as to whether, and in what manner, it should exercise or refrain from exercising any right,
power, authority or discretion. The Agent may refrain from acting unless and until it receives any such instructions or
clarification that it has requested.
 
(c)
Save in the case of decisions stipulated to be a matter for any other Lender or group of Lenders under the relevant
Finance Document and unless a contrary indication appears in a Finance Document, any instructions given to the Agent
by the Majority Lenders shall override any conflicting instructions given by any other Parties and will be binding on all
Finance Parties.
 
(d)
The Agent may refrain from acting in accordance with any instructions of any Lender or group of Lenders until it has
received any indemnification and/or security that it may
 
 
111
 


[Page 129]
 
 
 
 
in its discretion require (which may be greater in extent than that contained in the Finance Documents and which may
include payment in advance) for any cost, loss or liability which it may incur in complying with those instructions.
 
 
 
(e)
In the absence of instructions, the Agent may act (or refrain from acting) as it considers to be in the best interest of the
Lenders.
 
(f)
The Agent is not authorised to act on behalf of a Lender (without first obtaining that Xxxxxx's consent) in any legal or
arbitration proceedings relating to any Finance Document.
 
25.3
Duties of the Agent
 
(a)
The Agent's duties under the Finance Documents are solely mechanical and administrative in nature.
 
(b)
Subject to paragraph (c) below, the Agent shall promptly forward to a Party the original or a copy of any document
which is delivered to the Agent for that Party by any other Party.
 
(c)
Without prejudice to Clause 23.6 (Copy of Transfer Certificate or Increase Confirmation to Company), paragraph
(b) above shall not apply to any Transfer Certificate or any Increase Confirmation.
 
(d)
Except where a Finance Document specifically provides otherwise, the Agent is not obliged to review or check the
adequacy, accuracy or completeness of any document it forwards to another Party.
 
(e)
If the Agent receives notice from a Party referring to this Agreement, describing a Default and stating that the
circumstance described is a Default, it shall promptly notify the other Finance Parties.
 
(f)
If the Agent is aware of the non-payment of any principal, interest, commitment fee or other fee payable to a Finance
Party (other than the Agent or the Arranger) under this Agreement it shall promptly notify the other Finance Parties.
 
(g)
The Agent shall have only those duties, obligations and responsibilities expressly specified in the Finance Documents to
which it is expressed to be a party (and no others shall be implied).
 
25.4
Role of the Arranger
 
Except as specifically provided in the Finance Documents, the Arranger has no obligations of any kind to any other Party under
or in connection with any Finance Document.
 
25.5
No fiduciary duties
 
(a)
Nothing in any Finance Document constitutes the Agent or the Arranger as a trustee (Treuhänder) of any other person.
Neither the Agent nor the Arranger has any financial or commercial duty of care (Vermögensfürsorgepflicht) for any
person.
 
(b)
Neither the Agent nor the Arranger shall be bound to account to any Lender for any sum or the profit element of any sum
received by it for its own account.
 
25.6
Business with the Group
 
 
112
 


[Page 130]
 
 
The Agent and the Arranger may accept deposits from, lend money to and generally engage in any kind of banking or other
business with any member of the Group.
 
25.7
Rights and discretions
 
(a)
The Agent may:
 
(i)
rely on any representation, communication, notice or document believed by it to be genuine, correct and
appropriately authorised;
 
(ii)
assume that:
 
(A)
any instructions received by it from the Majority Lenders, any Lenders or any group of Lenders are
duly given in accordance with the terms of the Finance Documents; and
 
(B)
unless it has received notice of revocation, that those instructions have not been revoked; and
 
(iii)
rely on a certificate from any person:
 
(A)
as to any matter of fact or circumstance which might reasonably be expected to be within the
knowledge of that person; or
 
(B)
to the effect that such person approves of any particular dealing, transaction, step, action or thing,
 
as sufficient evidence that that is the case and, in the case of paragraph (A) above, may assume the truth and
accuracy of that certificate.
 
(b)
The Agent may assume (unless it has received notice to the contrary in its capacity as agent for the Lenders) that:
 
(i)
no Default has occurred (unless it has actual knowledge of a Default arising under Clause 22.1 (Non-payment));
 
(ii)
any right, power, authority or discretion vested in any Party or any group of Lenders has not been exercised; and
 
(iii)
any notice or request made by the Company (other than a Utilisation Request or Selection Notice) is made on
behalf of and with the consent and knowledge of all the Obligors.
 
(c)
The Agent may engage and pay for the advice or services of any lawyers, accountants, tax advisers, surveyors or other
professional advisers or experts.
 
(d)
Without prejudice to the generality of paragraph (c) above or paragraph (e) below, the Agent may at any time engage and
pay for the services of any lawyers to act as independent counsel to the Agent (and so separate from any lawyers
instructed by the Lenders) if the Agent in its reasonable opinion deems this to be necessary.
 
(e)
The Agent may rely on the advice or services of any lawyers, accountants, tax advisers, surveyors or other professional
advisers or experts (whether obtained by the Agent or by any other Party) and shall not be liable for any damages, costs
or losses to any person, any diminution in value or any liability whatsoever arising as a result of its so relying.
 
 
113
 


[Page 131]
 
 
(f)
The Agent may act in relation to the Finance Documents through its officers, employees and agents.
 
(g)
Unless a Finance Document expressly provides otherwise the Agent may disclose to any other Party any information it
reasonably believes it has received as agent under this Agreement.
 
(h)
Notwithstanding any other provision of any Finance Document to the contrary, neither the Agent nor the Arranger is
obliged to do or omit to do anything if it would or might in its reasonable opinion constitute a breach of any law or
regulation or a breach of a fiduciary duty or duty of confidentiality.
 
(i)
Notwithstanding any provision of any Finance Document to the contrary, the Agent is not obliged to expend or risk its
own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of its duties, obligations or responsibilities or the
exercise of any right, power, authority or discretion if it has grounds for believing the repayment of such funds or
adequate indemnity against, or security for, such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it.
 
25.8
Responsibility for documentation
 
Neither the Agent nor the Arranger is responsible or liable for:
 
(a)
the adequacy, accuracy or completeness of any information (whether oral or written) supplied by the Agent, the
Arranger, an Obligor or any other person in or in connection with any Finance Document or the transactions
contemplated in the Finance Documents or any other agreement, arrangement or document entered into, made or
executed in anticipation of, under or in connection with any Finance Document;
 
(b)
the legality, validity, effectiveness, adequacy or enforceability of any Finance Document or any other agreement,
arrangement or document entered into, made or executed in anticipation of, under or in connection with any Finance
Document; or
 
(c)
any determination as to whether any information provided or to be provided to any Finance Party is non-public
information the use of which may be regulated or prohibited by applicable law or regulation relating to insider dealing or
otherwise.
 
25.9
No duty to monitor
 
The Agent shall not be bound to enquire:
 
(a)
whether or not any Default has occurred;
 
(b)
as to the performance, default or any breach by any Party of its obligations under any Finance Document; or
 
(c)
whether any other event specified in any Finance Document has occurred.
 
25.10
Exclusion of liability
 
(a)
Without limiting paragraph (b) below (and without prejudice to any other provision of any Finance Document excluding
or limiting the liability of the Agent), the Agent will not be liable for:
 
(i)
any damages, costs or losses to any person, any diminution in value, or any liability whatsoever arising as a
result of taking or not taking any action under
 
 
114
 


[Page 132]
 
 
 
 
or in connection with any Finance Document, unless directly caused by its gross negligence or wilful
misconduct;
 
 
 
(ii)
exercising, or not exercising, any right, power, authority or discretion given to it by, or in connection with, any
Finance Document or any other agreement, arrangement or document entered into, made or executed in
anticipation of, under or in connection with, any Finance Document, other than by reason of its gross negligence
or wilful misconduct; or
 
(iii)
without prejudice to the generality of paragraphs (i) and (ii) above, any damages, costs or losses to any person,
any diminution in value or any liability whatsoever (but not including any claim based on the fraud of the
Agent) arising as a result of:
 
(A)
any act, event or circumstance not reasonably within its control; or
 
(B)
the general risks of investment in, or the holding of assets in, any jurisdiction,
 
including (in each case and without limitation) such damages, costs, losses, diminution in value or liability
arising as a result of: nationalisation, expropriation or other governmental actions; any regulation, currency
restriction, devaluation or fluctuation; market conditions affecting the execution or settlement of transactions or
the value of assets; breakdown, failure or malfunction of any third party transport, telecommunications,
computer services or systems; natural disasters or acts of God; war, terrorism, insurrection or revolution; or
strikes or industrial action.
 
(b)
No Party (other than the Agent) may take any proceedings against any officer, employee or agent of the Agent in respect
of any claim it might have against the Agent or in respect of any act or omission of any kind by that officer, employee or
agent in relation to any Finance Document and any officer, employee or agent of the Agent may rely on this paragraph
(b) pursuant to section 328 para 1 German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) (echter berechtigender Vertrag
zugunsten Dritter).
 
(c)
The Agent will not be liable for any delay (or any related consequences) in crediting an account with an amount required
under the Finance Documents to be paid by the Agent if the Agent has taken all necessary steps as soon as reasonably
practicable to comply with the regulations or operating procedures of any recognised clearing or settlement system used
by the Agent for that purpose.
 
(d)
Nothing in this Agreement shall oblige the Agent or the Arranger to carry out:
 
(i)
any "know your customer" or other checks in relation to any person; or
 
(ii)
any check on the extent to which any transaction contemplated by this Agreement might be unlawful for any
Lender or for any Affiliate of any Lender,
 
on behalf of any Lender and each Lender confirms to the Agent and the Arranger that it is solely responsible for any
such checks it is required to carry out and that it may not rely on any statement in relation to such checks made by the
Agent or the Arranger.
 
(e)
Without prejudice to any provision of any Finance Document excluding or limiting the Agent's liability, any liability of
the Agent arising under or in connection with any Finance Document shall be limited to the amount of actual loss which
has been suffered (as determined by reference to the date of default of the Agent or, if later, the date on
 
 
115
 


[Page 133]
 
 
 
which the loss arises as a result of such default) but without reference to any special conditions or circumstances known
to the Agent at any time which increase the amount of that loss. In no event shall the Agent be liable for any loss of
profits, goodwill, reputation, business opportunity or anticipated saving, or for special, punitive, indirect or consequential
damages, whether or not the Agent has been advised of the possibility of such loss or damages.
 
25.11
Xxxxxxx' indemnity to the Agent
 
Each Lender shall (in proportion to its share of the Total Commitments or, if the Total Commitments are then zero, to its share of
the Total Commitments immediately prior to their reduction to zero) indemnify the Agent, within three Business Days of
demand, against any cost, loss or liability incurred by the Agent (otherwise than by reason of the Agent's gross negligence or
wilful misconduct) in acting as Agent under the Finance Documents (unless the Agent has been reimbursed by an Obligor
pursuant to a Finance Document).
 
25.12
Resignation of the Agent
 
(a)
The Agent may resign and appoint one of its Affiliates acting through an office in Germany, Luxembourg, Switzerland,
the United Kingdom or the U.S as successor by giving notice to the Lenders and the Company.
 
(b)
Alternatively the Agent may resign by giving 30 days' notice to the Lenders and the Company, in which case the
Majority Lenders (after consultation with the Company) may appoint a successor Agent.
 
(c)
If the Majority Lenders have not appointed a successor Agent in accordance with paragraph (b) above within 20 days
after notice of resignation was given, the retiring Agent (after consultation with the Company) may appoint a successor
Agent (acting through an office in Germany, Luxembourg, Switzerland, the United Kingdom or the U.S).
 
(d)
If the Agent wishes to resign because (acting reasonably) it has concluded that it is no longer appropriate for it to remain
as agent and the Agent is entitled to appoint a successor Agent under paragraph (c) above, the Agent may (if it concludes
(acting reasonably) that it is necessary to do so in order to persuade the proposed successor Agent to become a party to
this Agreement as Agent) agree with the proposed successor Agent amendments to this Clause 25 and any other term of
this Agreement dealing with the rights or obligations of the Agent consistent with then current market practice for the
appointment and protection of corporate trustees together with any reasonable amendments to the agency fee payable
under this Agreement which are consistent with the successor Agent's normal fee rates and those amendments will bind
the Parties.
 
(e)
The retiring Agent shall make available to the successor Agent such documents and records and provide such assistance
as the successor Agent may reasonably request for the purposes of performing its functions as Agent under the Finance
Documents. The Company shall, within three Business Days of demand, reimburse the retiring Agent for the amount of
all costs and expenses (including legal fees) properly incurred by it in making available such documents and records and
providing such assistance.
 
(f)
The Agent's resignation notice shall only take effect upon the appointment of a successor.
 
(g)
Upon the appointment of a successor, the retiring Agent shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the
Finance Documents (other than its obligations under paragraph (e) above) but shall remain entitled to the benefit of
Clause 14.3 (Indemnity
 
 
116
 


[Page 134]
 
 
 
 
to the Agent) and this Clause 25 (and any agency fees for the account of the retiring Agent shall cease to accrue from
(and shall be payable on) that date). Any successor and each of the other Parties shall have the same rights and
obligations amongst themselves as they would have had if such successor had been an original Party.
 
 
 
(h)
After consultation with the Company, the Majority Lenders may, by notice to the Agent, require it to resign in
accordance with paragraph (b) above. In this event, the Agent shall resign in accordance with paragraph (b) above.
 
(i)
The Agent shall resign in accordance with paragraph (b) above (and, to the extent applicable, shall use reasonable
endeavours to appoint a successor Agent pursuant to paragraph (c) above) if on or after the date which is three months
before the earliest FATCA Application Date relating to any payment to the Agent under the Finance Documents, either:
 
(i)
the Agent fails to respond to a request under Clause 12.8 (FATCA Information) and a Lender reasonably
believes that the Agent will not be (or will have ceased to be) a FATCA Exempt Party on or after that FATCA
Application Date;
 
(ii)
the information supplied by the Agent pursuant to Clause 12.8 (FATCA Information) indicates that the Agent
will not be (or will have ceased to be) a FATCA Exempt Party on or after that FATCA Application Date; or
 
(iii)
the Agent notifies the Company and the Lenders that the Agent will not be (or will have ceased to be) a FATCA
Exempt Party on or after that FATCA Application Date;
 
(j)
and (in each case) a Lender reasonably believes that a Party will be required to make a FATCA Deduction that would not
be required if the Agent were a FATCA Exempt Party, and that Xxxxxx, by notice to the Agent, requires it to resign.
 
25.13
Confidentiality
 
(a)
In acting as agent for the Finance Parties, the Agent shall be regarded as acting through its agency division which shall
be treated as a separate entity from any other of its divisions or departments.
 
(b)
If information is received by another division or department of the Agent, it may be treated as confidential to that
division or department and the Agent shall not be deemed to have notice of it.
 
25.14
Relationship with the Lenders
 
(a)
The Agent may treat the person shown in its records as Xxxxxx at the opening of business (in the place of the Agent's
principal office as notified to the Finance Parties from time to time) as the Lender acting through its Facility Office:
 
(i)
entitled to or liable for any payment due under any Finance Document on that day; and
 
(ii)
entitled to receive and act upon any notice, request, document or communication or make any decision or
determination under any Finance Document made or delivered on that day,
 
unless it has received not less than five Business Days' prior notice from that Lender to the contrary in accordance with
the terms of this Agreement.
 
 
117
 


[Page 135]
 
 
(b)
Any Lender may by notice to the Agent appoint a person to receive on its behalf all notices, communications,
information and documents to be made or despatched to that Lender under the Finance Documents. Such notice shall
contain the address, fax number and (where communication by electronic mail or other electronic means is permitted
under Clause 30.6 (Electronic communication)) electronic mail address and/or any other information required to enable
the transmission of information by that means (and, in each case, the department or officer, if any, for whose attention
communication is to be made) and be treated as a notification of a substitute address, fax number, electronic mail address
(or such other information), department and officer by that Lender for the purposes of Clause 30.2 (Addresses) and
paragraph (a)(ii) of Clause 30.6 (Electronic communication) and the Agent shall be entitled to treat such person as the
person entitled to receive all such notices, communications, information and documents as though that person were that
Xxxxxx.
 
25.15
Credit appraisal by the Lenders
 
(c)
Without affecting the responsibility of any Obligor for information supplied by it or on its behalf in connection with any
Finance Document, each Lender confirms to the Agent and the Arranger that it has been, and will continue to be, solely
responsible for making its own independent appraisal and investigation of all risks arising under or in connection with
any Finance Document including but not limited to:
 
(d)
the financial condition, status and nature of each member of the Group;
 
(e)
the legality, validity, effectiveness, adequacy or enforceability of any Finance Document and any other agreement,
arrangement or document entered into, made or executed in anticipation of, under or in connection with any Finance
Document;
 
(f)
whether that Xxxxxx has recourse, and the nature and extent of that recourse, against any Party or any of its respective
assets under or in connection with any Finance Document, the transactions contemplated by the Finance Documents or
any other agreement, arrangement or document entered into, made or executed in anticipation of, under or in connection
with any Finance Document; and
 
(g)
the adequacy, accuracy or completeness of any information provided by the Agent, any Party or by any other person
under or in connection with any Finance Document, the transactions contemplated by any Finance Document or any
other agreement, arrangement or document entered into, made or executed in anticipation of, under or in connection with
any Finance Document.
 
25.16
Deduction from amounts payable by the Agent
 
If any Party owes an amount to the Agent under the Finance Documents the Agent may, after giving notice to that Party, deduct
an amount not exceeding that amount from any payment to that Party which the Agent would otherwise be obliged to make under
the Finance Documents and apply the amount deducted in or towards satisfaction of the amount owed. For the purposes of the
Finance Documents that Party shall be regarded as having received any amount so deducted.
 
25.17
Agent's Management Time
 
Any amount payable to the Agent under Clause 14.3 (Indemnity to the Agent), Clause 16 (Costs and Expenses) and Clause 25.11
(Lenders' indemnity to the Agent) shall include the cost of utilising the Agent's management time or other resources and will be
calculated on the basis of such reasonable daily or hourly rates as the Agent may notify to the Company and the Lenders, and is
in addition to any fee paid or payable to the Agent under Clause 11 (Fees).
 
 
118
 


[Page 136]
 
 
25.18
US Withholding
 
To the extent required by any applicable U. S. laws, the Agent may withhold from any payment to any Lender an amount
equivalent to any applicable withholding Tax. Each Lender shall indemnify and hold harmless the Agent against, and shall make
payable in respect thereof within 10 days after demand therefor, any and all Taxes (unless causes by gross negligence or wilful
misconduct on the part of the Agent) and any and all related losses, claims, liabilities and expenses (including fees, charges and
disbursements of any counsel for the Agent) incurred by or asserted against the Agent by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or
any other U. S. Governmental Authority as a result of the failure of the Agent to properly withhold Tax from amounts paid to or
for the account of such Lender for any reason (including, without limitation, because the appropriate form was not delivered or
not properly executed, or because such Lender failed to notify the Agent of a change in circumstance that rendered the exemption
from, or reduction of withholding Tax ineffective). A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any
Lender by the Agent shall present prima facie evidence. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Agent to set off and apply any and all
amounts at any time owing to such Lender under this Agreement or any other Finance Document against any amount due the
Agent under this Section 25.18 (Withholding). The agreements in this Section 25.18 (Withholding) shall survive the resignation
and/or replacement of the Agent, any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the
Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other obligations.
 
26.
CONDUCT OF BUSINESS BY THE FINANCE PARTIES
 
No provision of this Agreement will:
 
(a)
interfere with the right of any Finance Party to arrange its affairs (tax or otherwise) in whatever manner it thinks fit;
 
(b)
oblige any Finance Party to investigate or claim any credit, relief, remission or repayment available to it or the extent,
order and manner of any claim; or
 
(c)
oblige any Finance Party to disclose any information relating to its affairs (tax or otherwise) or any computations in
respect of Tax.
 
27.
SHARING AMONG THE FINANCE PARTIES
 
27.1
Payments to Finance Parties
 
Unless otherwise provided for in Clause 27.6 (Loss Sharing in respect of L/Gs) or Clause 27.7 (Sharing of Recoveries /
Adjustment of Loss Sharing), if a Finance Party (a "Recovering Finance Party") receives or recovers any amount from an
Obligor other than in accordance with Clause 28 (Payment mechanics) and applies that amount to a payment due under the
Finance Documents then:
 
(a)
the Recovering Finance Party shall, within three Business Days, notify details of the receipt or recovery to the Agent;
 
(b)
the Agent shall determine whether the receipt or recovery is in excess of the amount the Recovering Finance Party would
have been paid had the receipt or recovery been received or made by the Agent and distributed in accordance with
Clause 28 (Payment mechanics), without taking account of any Tax which would be imposed on the Agent in relation to
the receipt, recovery or distribution; and
 
(c)
the Recovering Finance Party shall, within three Business Days of demand by the Agent, pay to the Agent an amount
(the "Sharing Payment") equal to such receipt or
 
 
119
 


[Page 137]
 
 
 
recovery less any amount which the Agent determines may be retained by the Recovering Finance Party as its share of
any payment to be made, in accordance with Clause 28.6 (Partial payments).
 
27.2
Redistribution of payments
 
The Agent shall treat the Sharing Payment as if it had been paid by the relevant Obligor and distribute it between the Finance
Parties (other than the Recovering Finance Party) in accordance with Clause 28.6 (Partial payments).
 
27.3
Recovering Finance Party's rights
 
(a)
On a distribution by the Agent under Clause 27.2 (Redistribution of payments), the Recovering Finance Party shall be
entitled to receive by way of assignment the rights of the Finance Parties to the extent they have shared in the
redistribution.
 
(b)
If and to the extent that the Recovering Finance Party is not able to rely on its rights under paragraph (a) above, the
relevant Obligor shall be liable to the Recovering Finance Party for a debt equal to the Sharing Payment which is
immediately due and payable.
 
27.4
Reversal of redistribution
 
If any part of the Sharing Payment received or recovered by a Recovering Finance Party becomes repayable and is repaid by that
Recovering Finance Party, then:
 
(a)
each Finance Party which has received a share of the relevant Sharing Payment pursuant to Clause 27.2 (Redistribution
of payments) shall, upon request of the Agent, pay to the Agent for account of that Recovering Finance Party an amount
equal to the appropriate part of its share of the Sharing Payment (together with an amount as is necessary to reimburse
that Recovering Finance Party for its proportion of any interest on the Sharing Payment which that Recovering Finance
Party is required to pay); and
 
(b)
that Recovering Finance Party's rights of assignment in respect of any reimbursement shall be cancelled and the relevant
Obligor will be liable to the reimbursing Finance Party for the amount so reimbursed and the Recovering Finance Party
shall re-assign any claims assigned to it pursuant to paragraph (a) of Clause 27.3 (Recovering Finance Party's rights).
 
27.5
Exceptions
 
(a)
This Clause 27 shall not apply to the extent that the Recovering Finance Party would not, after making any payment
pursuant to this Clause, have a valid and enforceable claim against the relevant Obligor.
 
(b)
A Recovering Finance Party is not obliged to share with any other Finance Party any amount which the Recovering
Finance Party has received or recovered as a result of taking legal or arbitration proceedings, if:
 
(i)
it notified that other Finance Party of the legal or arbitration proceedings; and
 
(ii)
that other Finance Party had an opportunity to participate in those legal or arbitration proceedings but did not do
so as soon as reasonably practicable having received notice and did not take separate legal or arbitration
proceedings.
 
27.6
Loss Sharing in respect of L/Gs
 
 
120
 


[Page 138]
 
 
(a)
In the event a Borrower or, as the case may be, the Obligors do not reimburse and indemnify a Lender (an "Entitled
Lender") with respect to any amount claimed in respect of an L/G in accordance with paragraph (a) of Clause 7.2
(Indemnities) and Clause 17 (Guarantee and Indemnity) and
 
(i)
it cannot obtain satisfaction with respect to such amount from any Cash Cover obtained by it; and
 
(ii)
no Counter Guarantee or any other form of Security had, in each case, been provided by or on behalf of the
Company or the respective Borrower in respect of that amount (in whole or in part) which had been accepted by
the relevant Entitled Lender in its sole discretion (such remaining amount the "Loss") such Entitled Lender shall
receive from the Lenders compensation for its Loss in accordance with this Clause 27.6.
 
(b)
An Entitled Lender shall have the right to demand payment from each Lender of the Indemnified Loss Amount (as
defined below) determined by the Agent in accordance with paragraph (c) below only
 
(i)
if the Facility has been cancelled by notice of the Agent pursuant to Clause 22.16 (Acceleration) or the Facility
has been automatically accelerated pursuant to Clause 22.17 (Acceleration for Insolvency) and since such notice
of the Agent or automatic acceleration a period of six (6) months has lapsed; or
 
(ii)
if in the event that following the occurrence of an Event of Default due to the default of a Borrower vis-à-vis the
Entitled Lender to fulfil its obligations pursuant to paragraph 7.2(a) of Clause 7.2 (Indemnities) in respect of an
L/G no notice pursuant to Clause 22.16 (Acceleration) has been submitted by the Agent and no automatic
acceleration has occurred pursuant to Clause 22.17 (Acceleration for Insolvency) and following such Event of
Default a period of three (3) months has lapsed,
 
(the time period referred to in sub-paragraph (i) and (ii) each the "First Loss Determination Period").
 
(c)
Each Entitled Lender shall notify the Agent not later than on the fifteenth Business Day preceding the end of the relevant
First Loss Determination Period about the amount of any Loss suffered by it until such date (taking into account any
recoveries received by then from a Borrower or the Guarantors or any third party by way of payment, set-off,
enforcement of any collateral or otherwise) (the "First Loss Determination Date").
 
(d)
The Agent shall not later than on the tenth Business Day preceding the end of the relevant First Loss Determination
Period determine the aggregate amount of all Losses suffered by all Entitled Lenders as notified to it (the "Total Loss
Amount").
 
(e)
The Agent shall then, based on the Total Loss Amount, determine the amount which each Entitled Lender may claim
from or pay to each other Lender (including, as the case may be, other Entitled Lenders) (the "Indemnified Loss
Amount") and notify all Lenders accordingly not later than on the third Business Day preceding the end of the relevant
First Loss Determination Period (the "First Sharing Date") and the Lenders shall then make payments of the
Indemnified Loss Amounts as instructed by the Agent. The Indemnified Loss Amount shall be the amount which has to
be received, or, as the case may be, paid by each Lender (including Entitled Lenders) to each Entitled Lender so that
following the payment of all Indemnified Loss Amounts between the Lenders the proportion of the sum of the amounts
paid by each individual Lender hereunder and the Loss of such Lender (after deducting the aggregate Indemnified Loss
Amounts to
 
 
121
 


[Page 139]
 
 
 
 
be paid to the relevant Lender) to its respective Commitments is equal to the proportion of the Total Loss Amount to the
Total Commitments (the "Loss Quota") (or, if the Commitments are then zero, such Commitments prior to their
reduction / cancellation to zero).
 
 
 
(f)
Each Lender shall on the First Sharing Date pay the Indemnified Loss Amounts to be paid by it to any Entitled Lender
only against assignment by the relevant Entitled Lender of a corresponding portion of its claim against the relevant
Borrower pursuant to paragraph (a) of Clause 7.2 (Indemnities) and the Guarantors pursuant to Clause 17 (Guarantee
and Indemnity).
 
(g)
Save for manifest error the determination of the Total Loss Amount and the Indemnified Loss Amounts by the Agent
shall be binding for all Lenders.
 
27.7
Sharing of Recoveries / Adjustment of Loss Sharing
 
(a)
If at any time following the First Loss Determination Date a Lender (i) receives payment from any Obligor or any
receiver over the assets of such Obligor (a "Recovering Lender") by way of set-off or otherwise in respect of any
amounts due from a Borrower under paragraph (a) of Clause 7.2 (Indemnities) in respect of an L/G (the "Recovered
Amount") or (ii) incurs any (further) Loss (a "Loss Lender"), then such Lender shall promptly notify the Agent. The
Agent shall semi-annually following the First Sharing Date and as long as any Lender continues to receive Recovered
Amounts or incur Losses (each such date a "Subsequent Loss Determination Date") determine the amounts to be paid
by each of the Recovering Lenders to the other Lenders as a proportion of the Recovered Amounts realised until the
relevant Subsequent Loss Determination Date or the amounts to be paid by each of the Lender to the Loss Lender as a
proportion of the Loss incurred until the relevant Subsequent Loss Determination Date, in each case to equalize the Loss
Quota of all Lenders as of the relevant Subsequent Loss Determination Date (the "Loss Sharing Payment").
 
(b)
The Agent shall inform the Lenders in due course following each Subsequent Loss Determination Date about any Loss
Sharing Payment which shall then be made available by the Recovering Lenders or the Lenders to the Agent for
distribution to the Lenders or the Loss Lender, respectively, within three (3) Business Days of such notification.
 
(c)
To the extent that amounts received or recovered by a Recovering Lender resulted in the satisfaction of a Recovering
Xxxxxx's claim under paragraph (a) of Clause 7.2 (Indemnities) in respect of an L/G, but are allocated in accordance
with paragraph (a) to another Lender, the latter shall assign to the Recovering Lender the claims (or the part thereof) to
which the amount is allocated. Each Lender shall on the Subsequent Loss Determination Date pay its portion of the
incurred Loss to any Loss Lender only against assignment by the relevant Loss Lender of a corresponding portion of its
claim against the Borrower pursuant to paragraph (a) of Clause 7.2 (Indemnities) in respect of an L/G.
 
(d)
If any part of the Loss Sharing Payment received or recovered by a Recovering Lender becomes repayable and is repaid
by such Recovering Lender, then each Party which has received a share of such Loss Sharing Payment pursuant to
paragraph (a) shall, upon request of the Agent, pay to the Agent for account of such Recovering Lender an amount equal
to its share of such Loss Sharing Payment together with its proportionate share of any interest or other sum paid to a
Borrower or any other Obligor by the Recovering Lender in respect of the Loss Sharing Payment and such Recovering
Lender shall re-assign to the relevant Lender any amount assigned to it by such Lender pursuant to paragraph (b) above.
 
 
122
 


[Page 140]
 
 
(e)
This Clause 27.7 shall not apply if the Recovering Lender would not, after having made such payment, have a valid and
enforceable claim against the relevant Obligor and sums recovered as a result of litigation started by a Lender to enforce
its rights under paragraph (a) of Clause 7.2 (Indemnities) in respect of an L/G and resulting in a Loss Sharing Payment
shall only be shared with such Lenders that have joined in such litigation or commenced and diligently pursued separate
litigation to enforce their rights under the Finance Documents.
 
(f)
Save for manifest error the determination of the Loss Sharing Payment by the Agent shall be binding for all Lenders.
 
28.
PAYMENT MECHANICS
 
28.1
Payments to the Agent
 
(a)
On each date on which an Obligor or a Lender is required to make a payment under a Finance Document, that Obligor or
Lender shall make the same available to the Agent (unless a contrary indication appears in a Finance Document) for
value on the due date at the time and in such funds specified by the Agent as being customary at the time for settlement
of transactions in the relevant currency in the place of payment.
 
(b)
Payment shall be made to such account in Luxembourg, the U.S. or Germany with such bank as the Agent specifies in
writing.
 
28.2
Distributions by the Agent
 
Each payment received by the Agent under the Finance Documents for another Party shall, subject to Clause 28.3 (Distributions
to an Obligor), Clause 28.4 (Clawback) and Clause 25.16 (Deduction from amounts payable by the Agent) be made available by
the Agent as soon as practicable after receipt to the Party entitled to receive payment in accordance with this Agreement (in the
case of a Lender, for the account of its Facility Office), to such account as that Party may notify to the Agent by not less than five
Business Days' notice with a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of that currency (or, in relation to euro, in the
principal financial centre of a Participating Member State or London).
 
28.3
Distributions to an Obligor
 
The Agent may (with the consent of the Obligor or in accordance with Clause 29 (Set-off)) apply any amount received by it for
that Obligor in or towards payment (on the date and in the currency and funds of receipt) of any amount due from that Obligor
under the Finance Documents or in or towards purchase of any amount of any currency to be so applied.
 
28.4
Clawback
 
(a)
Where a sum is to be paid to the Agent under the Finance Documents for another Party, the Agent is not obliged to pay
that sum to that other Party (or to enter into or perform any related exchange contract) until it has been able to establish
to its satisfaction that it has actually received that sum.
 
(b)
If the Agent pays an amount to another Party and it proves to be the case that the Agent had not actually received that
amount, then the Party to whom that amount (or the proceeds of any related exchange contract) was paid by the Agent
shall on demand refund the same to the Agent together with interest on that amount from the date of payment to the date
of receipt by the Agent, calculated by the Agent to reflect its cost of funds.
 
 
123
 


[Page 141]
 
 
28.5
Impaired Agent
 
(a)
If, at any time, the Agent becomes an Impaired Agent, an Obligor or a Lender which is required to make a payment
under the Finance Documents to the Agent in accordance with Clause 28.1 (Payments to the Agent) may instead pay that
amount direct to the required recipient(s). Such payments must be made on the due date for payment under the Finance
Documents.
 
(b)
A Party which has made a payment in accordance with this Clause 28.5 shall be discharged of the relevant payment
obligation under the Finance Documents.
 
28.6
Partial payments
 
(a)
If the Agent receives a payment that is insufficient to discharge all the amounts then due and payable by an Obligor
under the Finance Documents, the Agent shall apply that payment towards the obligations of that Obligor under the
Finance Documents in the following order:
 
(i)
first, in or towards payment pro rata of any unpaid fees, costs and expenses of the Agent under the Finance
Documents;
 
(ii)
secondly, in or towards payment pro rata of any accrued interest, fee or commission due but unpaid under this
Agreement;
 
(iii)
thirdly, in or towards payment pro rata of any principal due but unpaid under this Agreement; and
 
(iv)
fourthly, in or towards payment pro rata of any other sum due but unpaid under the Finance Documents.
 
(b)
The Agent shall, if so directed by the Majority Lenders, vary the order set out in paragraphs 28.6(a)(ii) to 28.6(a)
(iv) above.
 
(c)
Paragraphs (a) and (b) above will override any appropriation made by an Obligor.
 
28.7
No set-off by Obligors
 
All payments to be made by an Obligor under the Finance Documents shall be calculated and be made without (and free and clear
of any deduction for) set-off or counterclaim unless the counterclaim is undisputed or has been confirmed in a final non-
appealable judgement. Any New Lender and any recipient of security over Xxxxxxx' rights according to Clause 23.7 (Security
over Lenders' rights) may rely on this Clause 28.7, in the case of any New Lender to whom rights have been assigned according
to paragraph (a) of Clause 23.2 (Conditions of assignment or assignment and transfer by assumption of contract
(Vertragsübernahme)) and any recipient of security over Lenders' rights, pursuant to section 328 para 1 of the German Civil Code
(Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) (echter berechtigender Vertrag zugunsten Dritter).
 
28.8
Business Days
 
(a)
Any payment which is due to be made on a day that is not a Business Day shall be made on the next Business Day in the
same calendar month (if there is one) or the preceding Business Day (if there is not).
 
(b)
During any extension of the due date for payment of any principal or Unpaid Sum under this Agreement interest is
payable on the principal or Unpaid Sum at the rate payable on the original due date.
 
 
124
 


[Page 142]
 
 
28.9
Currency of account
 
(a)
Subject to paragraphs (b) to (e) below, the Base Currency is the currency of account and payment for any sum due from
an Obligor under any Finance Document.
 
(b)
A repayment of a Utilisation or Unpaid Sum or a part of a Utilisation or Unpaid Sum shall be made in the currency in
which that Utilisation or Unpaid Sum is denominated on its due date.
 
(c)
Each payment of interest shall be made in the currency in which the sum in respect of which the interest is payable was
denominated when that interest accrued.
 
(d)
Each payment in respect of costs, expenses or Taxes shall be made in the currency in which the costs, expenses or Taxes
are incurred.
 
(e)
Any amount expressed to be payable in a currency other than the Base Currency shall be paid in that other currency.
 
28.10
Change of currency
 
(a)
Unless otherwise prohibited by law, if more than one currency or currency unit are at the same time recognised by the
central bank of any country as the lawful currency of that country, then:
 
(i)
any reference in the Finance Documents to, and any obligations arising under the Finance Documents in, the
currency of that country shall be translated into, or paid in, the currency or currency unit of that country
designated by the Agent (after consultation with the Company); and
 
(ii)
any translation from one currency or currency unit to another shall be at the official rate of exchange recognised
by the central bank for the conversion of that currency or currency unit into the other, rounded up or down by
the Agent (acting reasonably).
 
(b)
If a change in any currency of a country occurs, this Agreement will, to the extent the Agent (acting reasonably and after
consultation with the Company) specifies to be necessary, be amended to comply with any generally accepted
conventions and market practice in the Relevant Interbank Market and otherwise to reflect the change in currency.
 
29.
SET-OFF
 
A Finance Party may set off any matured obligation due from an Obligor under the Finance Documents against any satisfiable
(erfüllbar) obligation (within the meaning of section 387 German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch)) owed by that Finance
Party to that Obligor, regardless of the place of payment, booking branch or currency of either obligation. If the obligations are in
different currencies, the Finance Party may convert either obligation at a market rate of exchange in its usual course of business
for the purpose of the set-off.
 
30.
NOTICES
 
30.1
Communications in writing
 
Any communication to be made under or in connection with the Finance Documents shall be made in writing and, unless
otherwise stated and subject to Clause 30.6 (Electronic communication), may be made by fax or letter.
 
 
125
 


[Page 143]
 
 
30.2
Addresses
 
The address and fax number (and the department or officer, if any, for whose attention the communication is to be made) of each
Party for any communication or document to be made or delivered under or in connection with the Finance Documents is:
 
(a)
in the case of the Original Obligors, identified with their name below;
 
(b)
in the case of each Lender or any other Obligor, that notified in writing to the Agent on or prior to the date on which it
becomes a Party; and
 
(c)
in the case of the Agent, that identified with its name below,
 
or any substitute address or fax number or department or officer as the Party may notify to the Agent (or the Agent may notify to
the other Parties, if a change is made by the Agent) by not less than three Business Days' notice.
 
30.3
Delivery
 
(a)
Any communication or document made or delivered by one person to another under or in connection with the Finance
Documents will only be effective when received (zugegangen), in particular:
 
(i)
if by way of fax, when received in legible form; or
 
(ii)
if by way of letter, when it has been left at the relevant address or five Business Days after being deposited in
the post postage prepaid in an envelope addressed to it at that address;
 
and, if a particular department or officer is specified as part of its address details provided under Clause 30.2
(Addresses), if addressed to that department or officer.
 
(b)
Any communication or document to be made or delivered to the Agent will be effective only when actually received by
the Agent and then only if it is expressly marked for the attention of the department or officer identified with the Agent's
signature below (or any substitute department or officer as the Agent shall specify for this purpose).
 
(c)
All notices from or to an Obligor shall be sent through the Agent, unless this Agreement specifies otherwise.
 
(d)
Any communication or document by the Finance Parties to the Obligors may be made or delivered to the Company for
its own account and for the account of the Obligors. For that purpose each Obligor appoints the Company as its agent of
receipt (Empfangsvertreter).
 
(e)
Any communication or document which becomes effective, in accordance with paragraphs (a) to (d) above, after 5.00
p.m. in the place of receipt shall be deemed only to become effective on the following day.
 
30.4
Notification of address and fax number
 
Promptly upon receipt of notification of an address or fax number or change of address or fax number pursuant to Clause 30.2
(Addresses) or changing its own address or fax number, the Agent shall notify the other Parties.
 
30.5
Communication when Agent is Impaired Agent
 
 
126
 


[Page 144]
 
 
If the Agent is an Impaired Agent the Parties may, instead of communicating with each other through the Agent, communicate
with each other directly and (while the Agent is an Impaired Agent) all the provisions of the Finance Documents which require
communications to be made or notices to be given to or by the Agent shall be varied so that communications may be made and
notices given to or by the relevant Parties directly. This provision shall not operate after a replacement Agent has been appointed.
 
30.6
Electronic communication
 
(a)
Any communication to be made between any two Parties under or in connection with the Finance Documents may be
made by electronic mail or other electronic means (including, without limitation, by way of posting to a secure website)
if those two Parties:
 
(i)
notify each other in writing of their electronic mail address and/or any other information required to enable the
transmission of information by that means; and
 
(ii)
notify each other of any change to their address or any other such information supplied by them by not less than
five Business Days' notice.
 
(b)
Any such electronic communication as specified in paragraph (a) above to be made between an Obligor and a Finance
Party may only be made in that way to the extent that those two Parties agree that unless and until notified to the
contrary, this is to be an accepted form of communication.
 
(c)
Any such electronic communication as specified in paragraph (a) above made between any two Parties will be effective
only when actually received (or made available) in readable form and in the case of any electronic communication made
by a Party to the Agent only if it is addressed in such a manner as the Agent shall specify for this purpose.
 
(d)
Any electronic communication which becomes effective, in accordance with paragraph (c) above, after 5:00 p.m. in the
place in which the Party to whom the relevant communication is sent or made available its address for the purpose of this
Agreement shall be deemed only to become effective on the following day.
 
(e)
Any reference in a Finance Document to a communication being sent or received shall be construed to include that
communication being made available in accordance with this Clause 30.6.
 
30.7
Use of an Electronic Platform
 
(a)
The Company shall use an Electronic Platform for the issuance and administration of L/Gs.
 
(b)
The Parties, any Additional Borrower, any Increase Lender and any New Lender acknowledge, by becoming party to this
Agreement, that they shall enter into an Electronic Platform Agreement and, in case of an Additional Borrower or a New
Lender, accede to the existing Electronic Platform Agreement.
 
30.8
English language
 
(a)
Any notice given under or in connection with any Finance Document must be in English.
 
 
127
 


[Page 145]
 
 
(b)
All other documents provided under or in connection with any Finance Document must be:
 
(i)
in English; or
 
(ii)
if not in English, and if so required by the Agent, accompanied by a certified English translation and, in this
case, the English translation will prevail unless the document is a constitutional, statutory or other official
document.
 
31.
CALCULATIONS AND CERTIFICATES
 
31.1
Accounts
 
In any litigation or arbitration proceedings arising out of or in connection with a Finance Document, the entries made in the
accounts maintained by a Finance Party are prima facie evidence (Beweis des ersten Anscheins) of the matters to which they
relate.
 
31.2
Certificates and Determinations
 
(a)
The Finance Parties make the certifications or determinations of a rate or amount under any Finance Document in the
exercise of their unilateral right to specify performance (einseitiges Leistungsbestimmungsrecht) which they will exercise
with reasonable discretion (billiges Ermessen).
 
(b)
The Parties agree not to dispute in any legal proceeding the correctness of the determinations and certifications of a rate
or amount made by a Finance Party under any Finance Document unless the determinations or certifications are
inaccurate on their face or fraud can be shown.
 
31.3
Day count convention
 
Any interest, commission or fee accruing under a Finance Document will accrue from day to day and is calculated on the basis of
the actual number of days elapsed and a year of 360 days and/or in any case where the practice in the relevant interbank market
differs, in accordance with that market practice.
 
32.
PARTIAL INVALIDITY
 
(a)
The Parties agree that should at any time, any provisions of this Agreement be or become void (nichtig), invalid or due
to any reason ineffective (unwirksam) this will indisputably (unwiderlegbar) not affect the validity or effectiveness of
the remaining provisions and this Agreement will remain valid and effective, save for the void, invalid or ineffective
provisions, without any Party having to argue (darlegen) and prove (beweisen) the Parties intent to uphold this
Agreement even without the void, invalid or ineffective provisions.
 
(b)
The void, invalid or ineffective provision shall be deemed replaced by such valid and effective provision that in legal and
economic terms comes closest to what the Parties intended or would have intended in accordance with the purpose of
this Agreement if they had considered the point at the time of conclusion of this Agreement.
 
33.
REMEDIES AND WAIVERS
 
No failure to exercise, nor any delay in exercising, on the part of any Finance Party, any right or remedy under the Finance
Documents shall operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy or constitute an election to affirm any of the Finance
Documents. No election to affirm any of the Finance Documents on the part of any Finance Party shall be effective unless it is in
writing.
 
 
128
 


[Page 146]
 
 
No single or partial exercise of any right or remedy shall prevent any further or other exercise or the exercise of any other right or
remedy. The rights and remedies provided in this Agreement are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided
by law.
 
34.
AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS
 
34.1
Required consents
 
(a)
Other than pursuant to Clause 2.2 (Increase) and Clause 2.3 (Allocation of Additional Commitments), subject to Clause
34.2 (Exceptions) any term of the Finance Documents may be amended or waived only with the consent of the Majority
Lenders and the Obligors and any such amendment or waiver will be binding on all Parties.
 
(b)
The Agent may effect, on behalf of any Finance Party, any amendment or waiver permitted by this Clause 34.
 
34.2
Exceptions
 
(a)
An amendment or waiver that has the effect of changing or which relates to:
 
(i)
the definition of "Majority Lenders" in Clause 1.1 (Definitions);
 
(ii)
an extension to the date of payment of any amount owed to a Lender by an Obligor under the Finance
Documents;
 
(iii)
a reduction in the L/G Fee Rate or a reduction in the amount of any payment of principal, interest, fees or
commission payable to a Lender, provided that (x) any amendment to the financial covenants or financial
definitions in this Agreement shall not constitute a reduction in the rate of interest or fees for purposes of this
sub-clause (iii) even if the effect of such amendment would be to reduce the L/G Fee Rate or to reduce any
other fee payable hereunder and (y) that only the consent of the Majority Lenders shall be necessary to reduce
or waive any obligation of the Borrowers to pay interest or fees at the applicable default rate even if the effect of
such amendment would be to reduce the L/G Fee Rate or to reduce any other fee payable hereunder;
 
(iv)
an increase in or an extension of any Commitment (other than pursuant to Clause 2.2 (Increase), Clause 2.3
(Allocation of Additional Commitments) or any requirement that a cancellation of the Commitments reduces the
Commitments of the Lenders rateably);
 
(v)
a change to the Borrowers or Guarantors other than in accordance with Clause 24 (Changes to the Obligors);
 
(vi)
any provision which expressly requires the consent of all the Lenders;
 
(vii)
Clause 2.4 (Finance Parties' rights and obligations), Clause 9.1 (Illegality) Clause 9.2 (Change of control),
Clause 27.6 (Loss Sharing in respect of L/Gs). Clause 27.7 (Sharing of Recoveries / Adjustment of Loss
Sharing), Clause 23 (Changes to the Lenders) or this Clause 34; or
 
(viii)
Clause 39 (Governing Law) and Clause 40.1 (Jurisdiction);
 
(ix)
the nature or scope of the guarantee and indemnity granted under Clause 17 (Guarantee and Indemnity),
 
shall not be made without the prior consent of all the Lenders.
 
 
129
 


[Page 147]
 
 
(b)
An amendment or waiver which relates to the rights or obligations of the Agent or the Arranger (each in their capacity as
such) may not be effected without the consent of the Agent or, as the case may be, the Arranger.
 
34.3
Disenfranchisement of Defaulting Lenders
 
(a)
For so long as a Defaulting Lender has any Available Commitment, in ascertaining:
 
(i)
the Majority Lenders; or
 
(ii)
whether:
 
(A)
any given percentage (including, for the avoidance of doubt, unanimity) of the Total Commitments
under the Facility; or
 
(B)
the agreement of any specified group of Lenders,
 
has been obtained to approve any request for a consent, waiver, amendment or other vote under the Finance
Documents,
 
that Defaulting Xxxxxx's Commitments under the Facility will be reduced by the amount of its Available
Commitments under the Facility and, to the extent that that reduction results in that Defaulting Lender's Total
Commitments being zero, that Defaulting Lender shall be deemed not to be a Lender for the purposes of
paragraphs (i) and (ii) above.
 
(b)
For the purposes of this Clause 35.3, the Agent may assume that the following Lenders are Defaulting Lenders:
 
(i)
any Lender which has notified the Agent that it has become a Defaulting Lender; and
 
(ii)
any Lender in relation to which it is aware that any of the events or circumstances referred to in paragraphs (a),
(b) or (c) of the definition of "Defaulting Lender" has occurred,
 
unless it has received notice to the contrary from the Lender concerned (together with any supporting evidence
reasonably requested by the Agent) or the Agent is otherwise aware that the Lender has ceased to be a Defaulting
Lender.
 
34.4
Excluded Commitments
 
If any Defaulting Lender fails to respond to a request for a consent, waiver, amendment of or in relation to any term of any
Finance Document or any other vote of Lenders under the terms of this Agreement within ten Business Days (unless the
Company and the Agent agree to a longer time period in relation to any request) of that request being made:
 
(a)
its Commitments shall not be included for the purpose of calculating the Total Commitments under the Facility when
ascertaining whether any relevant percentage (including, for the avoidance of doubt, unanimity) of Total Commitments
has been obtained to approve that request; and
 
(b)
its status as a Lender shall be disregarded for the purpose of ascertaining whether the agreement of any specified group
of Lenders has been obtained to approve that request.
 
34.5
Replacement of a Defaulting Lender
 
 
130
 


[Page 148]
 
 
(a)
The Company may, at any time a Lender has become and continues to be a Defaulting Lender, by giving five Business
Days’ notice to the Agent and such Lender:
 
(i)
replace such Lender by requiring such Lender to (and, to the extent permitted by law, such Lender shall)
transfer pursuant to Clause 23 (Changes to the Lenders) all (and not part only) of its rights and obligations
under this Agreement; and
 
(ii)
require such Lender to (and, to the extent permitted by law, such Lender shall) transfer pursuant to Clause 23
(Changes to the Lenders) all (and not part only) of the Available Commitments of the Lender; or
 
(b)
to a Lender or other bank, financial institution, trust, fund or other entity (a "Replacement Lender") selected by the
Company, which confirms its willingness to assume and does assume all the obligations or all the relevant obligations of
the transferring Lender in accordance with Clause 23 (Changes to the Lenders) for a purchase price in cash payable at
the time of transfer which is either:
 
(A)
in an amount equal to the outstanding principal amount of such Xxxxxx's participation in the
outstanding Utilisations and all accrued interest and other amounts payable in relation thereto under the
Finance Documents; or
 
(B)
in an amount agreed between that Defaulting Lender, the Replacement Lender and the Company and
which does not exceed the amount described in paragraph (A) above.
 
(c)
Any transfer of rights and obligations of a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this Clause shall be subject to the following
conditions:
 
(i)
the Company shall have no right to replace the Agent;
 
(ii)
neither the Agent nor the Defaulting Lender shall have any obligation to the Company to find a Replacement
Lender;
 
(iii)
in no event shall the Defaulting Lender be required to pay or surrender to the Replacement Lender any of the
fees received by the Defaulting Lender pursuant to the Finance Documents; and
 
(iv)
the Defaulting Lender shall only be obliged to transfer its rights and obligations pursuant to paragraph (a) above
once it is satisfied that it has complied with all necessary "know your customer" or other similar checks under
all applicable laws and regulations in relation to that transfer to the Replacement Lender.
 
(d)
The Defaulting Lender shall perform the checks described in paragraph (c)(iv) above as soon as reasonably practicable
following delivery of a notice referred to in paragraph (a) above and shall notify the Agent and the Company when it is
satisfied that it has complied with those checks.
 
34.6
Replacement of Screen Rate
 
(a)
Subject to Clause 34.2 (Exceptions), if a Screen Rate Replacement Event has occurred in relation to any Screen Rate,
any amendment or waiver which relates to:
 
(i)
providing for the use of a Replacement Benchmark in relation to that currency in place of that Screen Rate; and
 
 
131
 


[Page 149]
 
 
(A)
aligning any provision of any Finance Document to the use of that Replacement Benchmark;
 
(B)
enabling that Replacement Benchmark to be used for the calculation of interest under this Agreement
(including, without limitation, any consequential changes required to enable that Replacement
Benchmark to be used for the purposes of this Agreement);
 
(C)
implementing market conventions applicable to that Replacement Benchmark;
 
(D)
providing for appropriate fallback (and market disruption) provisions for that Replacement
Benchmark; or
 
(E)
adjusting the pricing to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any transfer of
economic value from one Party to another as a result of the application of that Replacement
Benchmark (and if any adjustment or method for calculating any adjustment has been formally
designated, nominated or recommended by the Relevant Nominating Body, the adjustment shall be
determined on the basis of that designation, nomination or recommendation),
 
may be made with the consent of the Agent (acting on the instructions of the Majority Lenders) and the
Obligors.
 
(b)
If any Lender fails to respond to a request for an amendment or waiver described in paragraph (a) above within ten
(10) Business Days (or such longer time period in relation to any request which the Company and the Agent may agree)
of that request being made:
 
(i)
its Commitment(s) shall not be included for the purpose of calculating the Total Commitments under the
relevant Facility/ies when ascertaining whether any relevant percentage of Total Commitments has been
obtained to approve that request; and
 
(ii)
its status as a Lender shall be disregarded for the purpose of ascertaining whether the agreement of any
specified group of Lenders has been obtained to approve that request.
 
(c)
In this Clause 34.6:
 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means any applicable central bank, regulator or other supervisory authority or a group of them, or
any working group or committee sponsored or chaired by, or constituted at the request of, any of them or the Financial Stability
Board.
 
"Replacement Benchmark" means a benchmark rate which is:
 
(a)
formally designated, nominated or recommended as the replacement for a Screen Rate by:
 
(i)
the administrator of that Screen Rate (provided that the market or economic reality that such benchmark rate
measures is the same as that measured by that Screen Rate); or
 
(ii)
any Relevant Nominating Body,
 
 
132
 


[Page 150]
 
 
and if replacements have, at the relevant time, been formally designated, nominated or recommended under both
paragraphs, the "Replacement Benchmark" will be the replacement under paragraph (ii) above;
 
(b)
in the opinion of the Majority Lenders and the Obligors, generally accepted in the international or any relevant domestic
syndicated loan markets as the appropriate successor to a Screen Rate; or
 
(c)
in the opinion of the Majority Lenders and the Obligors, an appropriate successor to a Screen Rate.
 
"Screen Rate Replacement Event" means, in relation to a Screen Rate:
 
(a)
the methodology, formula or other means of determining that Screen Rate has, in the opinion of the Majority Lenders
and the Obligors, materially changed;
 
(b)
 
(i)
 
(A)
the administrator of that Screen Rate or its supervisor publicly announces that such administrator is
insolvent; or
 
(B)
information is published in any order, decree, notice, petition or filing, however described, of or filed
with a court, tribunal, exchange, regulatory authority or similar administrative, regulatory or judicial
body which reasonably confirms that the administrator of that Screen Rate is insolvent,
 
provided that, in each case, at that time, there is no successor administrator to continue to provide that Screen
Rate;
 
(ii)
the administrator of that Screen Rate publicly announces that it has ceased or will cease to provide that Screen
Rate permanently or indefinitely and, at that time, there is no successor administrator to continue to provide that
Screen Rate;
 
(iii)
the supervisor of the administrator of that Screen Rate publicly announces that such Screen Rate has been or
will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or
 
(iv)
the administrator of that Screen Rate or its supervisor announces that that Screen Rate may no longer be used;
or
 
(c)
the administrator of that Screen Rate determines that that Screen Rate should be calculated in accordance with its
reduced submissions or other contingency or fallback policies or arrangements and either:
 
(i)
the circumstance(s) or event(s) leading to such determination are not (in the opinion of the Majority Lenders
and the Obligors) temporary; or
 
(ii)
that Screen Rate is calculated in accordance with any such policy or arrangement for a period no less than
twenty (20) Business Days; or
 
(d)
in the opinion of the Majority Lenders and the Obligors, that Screen Rate is otherwise no longer appropriate for the
purposes of calculating interest under this Agreement.
 
 
133
 


[Page 151]
 
 
35.
CONFIDENTIALITY
 
35.1
Confidential Information
 
Each Finance Party agrees to keep all Confidential Information confidential and not to disclose it to anyone, save to the extent
permitted by Clause 35.2 (Disclosure of Confidential Information) and Clause 35.3 (Disclosure to numbering service providers),
and to ensure that all Confidential Information is protected with security measures and a degree of care that would apply to its
own confidential information.
 
35.2
Disclosure of Confidential Information
 
Any Finance Party may disclose:
 
(a)
to any of its Affiliates and Related Funds and any of its or their directors, officers, employees and agents, including
accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (it being understood that the persons to whom such disclosure is made will
be informed of the confidential nature of such Confidential Information and instructed to keep such Confidential
Information confidential) in connection with this Agreement;
 
(b)
to the extent requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over such person or its Affiliates
(including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners);
 
(c)
to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process (in which case the
Agent and the Lenders agree (except with respect to any audit or examination conducted by bank accountants or any
self-regulatory authority or governmental or regulatory authority exercising examination or regulatory authority), to the
extent practicable and not prohibited by applicable law, rule or regulation, to inform the Company promptly thereof prior
to the disclosure thereof);
 
(d)
in connection with the exercise of any remedies under this Agreement or any of the other Finance Documents or any
suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Finance Document or the enforcement of its rights
hereunder or thereunder;
 
(e)
subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Clause 35.2, to any person:
 
(i)
any assignee of or participant in, or any prospective assignee of or participant in, any of its rights or obligations
under this Agreement;
 
(ii)
any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to any
Borrower and its obligations.
 
(iii)
who is a Party;
 
(f)
to the extent such Confidential Information:
 
(i)
becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Clause 35.2;
 
(ii)
becomes available to any Finance Party on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the Company; or
 
(g)
Confidential Information with the written consent of the Company.
 
35.3
Disclosure to numbering service providers
 
 
134
 


[Page 152]
 
 
(a)
Any Finance Party may disclose to any national or international numbering service provider appointed by that Finance
Party to provide identification numbering services in respect of this Agreement, the Facility and/or one or more Obligors
the following information:
 
(i)
names of Obligors;
 
(ii)
country of domicile of Obligors;
 
(iii)
place of incorporation of Obligors;
 
(iv)
date of this Agreement;
 
(v)
the names of the Agent and the Arranger;
 
(vi)
date of each amendment and restatement of this Agreement;
 
(vii)
amount of Total Commitments;
 
(viii)
currencies of the Facility;
 
(ix)
type of Facility;
 
(x)
ranking of Facility;
 
(xi)
Termination Date for Facility;
 
(xii)
changes to any of the information previously supplied pursuant to paragraphs 35.3(a)(i) to 35.3(a)(xi) above;
and
 
(xiii)
such other information agreed between such Finance Party and the Company,
 
to enable such numbering service provider to provide its usual syndicated loan numbering identification services.
 
(b)
The Parties acknowledge and agree that each identification number assigned to this Agreement, the Facility and/or one
or more Obligors by a numbering service provider and the information associated with each such number may be
disclosed to users of its services in accordance with the standard terms and conditions of that numbering service
provider.
 
(c)
The Company represents that none of the information set out in paragraphs 35.3(a)(i) to (a)(viii) above is, nor will at any
time be, unpublished price-sensitive information.
 
(d)
The Agent shall notify the Company and the other Finance Parties of:
 
(i)
the name of any numbering service provider appointed by the Agent in respect of this Agreement, the Facility
and/or one or more Obligors; and
 
(ii)
the number or, as the case may be, numbers assigned to this Agreement, the Facility and/or one or more
Obligors by such numbering service provider.
 
35.4
Entire agreement
 
This Clause 35 (Confidentiality) constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties in relation to the obligations of the Finance
Parties under the Finance Documents regarding Confidential Information and supersedes any previous agreement, whether
express or implied, regarding Confidential
 
 
135
 


[Page 153]
 
 
Information.
 
35.5
Inside information
 
Each of the Finance Parties acknowledges that some or all of the Confidential Information is or may be price-sensitive
information and that the use of such information may be regulated or prohibited by applicable legislation including securities law
relating to insider dealing and market abuse and each of the Finance Parties undertakes not to use any Confidential Information
for any unlawful purpose.
 
35.6
Notification of disclosure
 
Each of the Finance Parties agrees (to the extent permitted by law and regulation) to inform the Company:
 
(a)
of the circumstances of any disclosure of Confidential Information made pursuant to paragraph (e) of Clause 35.2
(Disclosure of Confidential Information) except where such disclosure is made to any of the persons referred to in that
paragraph during the ordinary course of its supervisory or regulatory function; and
 
(b)
upon becoming aware that Confidential Information has been disclosed in breach of this Clause 35 (Confidentiality).
 
35.7
Continuing obligations
 
The obligations in this Clause 35 (Confidentiality) are continuing and, in particular, shall survive and remain binding on each
Finance Party for a period of thirty six (36) months from the earlier of:
 
(a)
the date on which all amounts payable by the Obligors under or in connection with this Agreement have been paid in full
and all Commitments have been cancelled or otherwise cease to be available; and
 
(b)
the date on which such Finance Party otherwise ceases to be a Finance Party.
 
36.
USA PATRIOT ACT
 
Each Lender hereby notifies each Obligor that pursuant to the requirements of the Uniting and Strengthening America by
Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, Public Law 107-56 (commonly known as
the "USA Patriot Act"), such Lender is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies such Obligor, which
information includes the name and address of such Obligor and other information that will allow such Lender to identify such
Obligor in accordance with the USA Patriot Act.
 
37.
INTEREST RATE LIMITATION
 
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time any interest rate applicable to hereunder, together with all fees,
charges and other amounts which are treated as interest under applicable law (collectively the “Charges”), shall exceed the
maximum lawful rate (the “Maximum Rate”) which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender
against a U.S. Borrower or a Guarantor whose jurisdiction of incorporation is a state of the United States or the District of
Columbia in accordance with applicable law, the rate of interest payable hereunder, together with all Charges payable in respect
thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charges that would have been payable
hereunder but were not payable as a result of the operation of this Clause 37 shall be
 
 
136
 


[Page 154]
 
 
cumulated and the interest and Charges payable to such Lender shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor)
until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the rate calculated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York
based on such day’s federal funds transactions by depositary institutions (as determined in such manner as the Federal Reserve
Bank of New York shall set forth on its public website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as the federal funds effective rate to the date of repayment, shall have been received by
such Lender.
 
38.
DECLARATION IN RELATION TO ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING ACT
 
Each Borrower confirms towards each Lender that it requested the issuance of an L/G granted hereunder for its own account (für
eigene Rechnung) but not at the instance of another economic beneficiary (wirtschaftlich Berechtigter). Each Borrower
undertakes to notify the Agent without delay in writing, if in the future a situation arises in which contrary to the foregoing such
Borrower acts for the account of another beneficial owner.
 
39.
GOVERNING LAW
 
This Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are governed by German law.
 
40.
ENFORCEMENT
 
40.1
Jurisdiction
 
(a)
The courts of Frankfurt am Main, Germany have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in
connection with this Agreement (including a dispute relating to the existence, validity or termination of this Agreement
or any non-contractual obligation arising out of or in connection with this Agreement) (a "Dispute").
 
(b)
The Parties agree that the courts of Frankfurt am Main, Germany are the most appropriate and convenient courts to settle
Disputes and accordingly no Party will argue to the contrary.
 
(c)
This Clause 40.1 is for the benefit of the Finance Parties only. As a result, no Finance Party shall be prevented from
taking proceedings relating to a Dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Finance
Parties may take concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.
 
40.2
Service of process
 
(a)
Without prejudice to any other mode of service allowed under any relevant law, each Obligor (other than the Process
Agent or any other Obligor incorporated in Germany, if any):
 
(i)
irrevocably appoints Coperion GmbH (the "Process Agent") as its agent for service of process in relation to any
proceedings before the German courts in connection with any Finance Document;
 
(ii)
agrees that failure by a Process Agent to notify the relevant Obligor of the process will not invalidate the
proceedings concerned; and
 
(iii)
undertakes to deliver to the Process Agent without undue delay upon execution of this Agreement a process
agent appointment letter (the "Process Agent Appointment Letter") substantially in the form of Schedule 12
(Form of
 
 
137
 


[Page 155]
 
 
Process Agent Appointment Letter) and to send a copy of the executed Process Agent Appointment Letter to the
Agent.
 
(b)
The Process Agent hereby acknowledges the appointment. The Process Agent shall ensure that documents to be served
to an Obligor may validly be served by delivery to the Process Agent. In particular, the Process Agent shall notify the
Agent of any change of address, accept any documents delivered to it on behalf of an Obligor and fulfil any requirements
of section 171 Code of Civil Procedure (Zivilprozessordnung), in particular present the original Process Agent
Appointment Letter to any person effecting the service of process as required pursuant to section 171 sentence 2 Code of
Civil Procedure (Zivilprozessordnung).
 
41.
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL
 
EACH OF THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT AGREES TO WAIVE IRREVOCABLY ITS RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL
OF ANY CLAIM BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE DOCUMENTS REFERRED
TO IN THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED IN THIS AGREEMENT. This waiver is intended
to apply to all Disputes. Each party acknowledges that (a) this waiver is a material inducement to enter into this Agreement, (b) it
has already relied on this waiver in entering into this Agreement and (c) it will continue to rely on this waiver in future dealings.
Each party represents that it has reviewed this waiver with its legal advisers and that it knowingly and voluntarily waives its jury
trial rights after consultation with its legal advisers. In the event of litigation, this Agreement may be filed as a written consent to
a trial by the court.
 
42.
CONTRACTUAL RECOGNITION OF BAIL-IN
 
Notwithstanding any other term of any Finance Document or any other agreement, arrangement or understanding between the
Parties, each Party acknowledges and accepts that any liability of any Party to any other Party under or in connection with the
Finance Documents may be subject to Bail-In Action by the relevant Resolution Authority and acknowledges and accepts to be
bound by the effect of:
 
(a)
any Bail-In Action in relation to any such liability, including (without limitation):
 
(i)
a reduction, in full or in part, in the principal amount, or outstanding amount due (including any accrued but
unpaid interest) in respect of any such liability;
 
(ii)
a conversion of all, or part of, any such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership that may be
issued to, or conferred on, it; and
 
(iii)
a cancellation of any such liability; and
 
(b)
a variation of any term of any Finance Document to the extent necessary to give effect to any Bail-In Action in relation
to any such liability.
 
(c)
In this Clause 42:
 
""Article 55 BRRD" means Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU establishing a framework for the recovery and
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms.
 
"Bail-In Action" means the exercise of any Write-down and Conversion Powers.
 
"Bail-In Legislation" means:
 
(i)
in relation to an EEA Member Country which has implemented, or which at any time implements, Article 55
BRRD, the relevant implementing law or
 
 
138
 


[Page 156]
 
 
 
 
regulation as described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule from time to time;
 
 
 
(ii)
in relation to the United Kingdom, the UK Bail-In Legislation; and
 
(iii)
in relation to any state other than such an EEA Member Country and the United Kingdom, any analogous law or
regulation from time to time which requires contractual recognition of any Write-down and Conversion Powers
contained in that law or regulation.
 
"EEA Member Country" means any member state of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway.
 
"EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule" means the document described as such and published by the Loan Market
Association (or any successor person) from time to time.
 
"Resolution Authority" means any body which has authority to exercise any Write-down and Conversion Powers.
 
"UK Bail-In Legislation" means Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 and any other law or regulation
applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other
financial institutions or their affiliates (otherwise than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency
proceedings).
 
"Write-down and Conversion Powers" means:
 
(i)
in relation to any Bail-In Legislation described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule from time to time, the
powers described as such in relation to that Bail-In Legislation in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule;
 
(ii)
in relation to the UK Bail-In Legislation, any powers under that UK Bail-In Legislation to cancel, transfer or
dilute shares issued by a person that is a bank or investment firm or other financial institution or affiliate of a
bank, investment firm or other financial institution, to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of
such a person or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability
into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or
instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of
that liability or any of the powers under that UK Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of
those powers; and
 
(iii)
in relation to any other applicable Bail-In Legislation:
 
(A)
any powers under that Bail-In Legislation to cancel, transfer or dilute shares issued by a person that is a
bank or investment firm or other financial institution or affiliate of a bank, investment firm or other
financial institution, to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of such a person or any
contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares,
securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or
instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in
respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or
ancillary to any of those powers; and
 
 
139
 


[Page 157]
 
 
(B)
any similar or analogous powers under that Bail-In Legislation.
 
43.
CONCLUSION OF THIS AGREEMENT (VERTRAGSSCHLUSS)
 
43.1
The Parties to this Agreement may choose to conclude this Agreement by an exchange of signed signature page(s), transmitted by
any means of telecommunication (telekommunikative Übermittlung) such as by way of fax or electronic photocopy.
 
43.2
If the Parties to this Agreement choose to conclude this Agreement pursuant to Clause 43.1 above, they will transmit the signed
signature page(s) of this Agreement to Xxxxxx & Xxxxxxx LLP, attention to Xxxxxxx.Xxxxxx@xx.xxx or
Xxxxxxx.Xxxxxxxxx@xx.xxx (each a "Recipient"). The Agreement will be considered concluded once one Recipient has
actually received the signed signature page(s) (Zugang der Unterschriftsseite(n)) from all Parties to this Agreement (whether by
way of fax, electronic photocopy or other means of telecommunication) and at the time of the receipt of the last outstanding
signature page(s) by such one Recipient.
 
43.3
For the purposes of this Clause 43 only, the Parties to this Agreement appoint each Recipient as their attorney
(Empfangsvertreter) and expressly allow (gestatten) each Recipient to collect the signed signature page(s) from all and for all
Parties to this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, each Recipient will have no further duties connected with its position as
Recipient. In particular, each Recipient may assume the conformity to the authentic original(s) of the signature
page(s) transmitted to it by means of telecommunication, the genuineness of all signatures on the original signature page(s) and
the signing authority of the signatories.
 
THIS AGREEMENT has been entered into on the date stated at the beginning of this Agreement.
 
 
140
 


[Page 158]
 
 
SCHEDULE 1
THE ORIGINAL PARTIES
 
Part 1
 
The Original Obligors
 
Name of Original Borrower
 
Registration number (or equivalent, if any)
Xxxxxxxxxxx, Inc.
 
Xxx Xxxxxxxxxx Xxxxxxxxx 
Xxxxxxxxxx, Xxxxxxx 00000 
Indiana Secretary of State 
#2007110100396
 
 
 
Coperion GmbH
 
HRB 23976 (Local Xxxxx xx Xxxxxxxxx) 
Xxxxxxxxxxxxx 00, 00000 Xxxxxxxxx, Xxxxxxx
 
 
 
Coperion K-Tron (Schweiz) GmbH
 
CHE-105.883.000 
Xxxxxxxxxxx 00/00 
XX-0000 Xxxxxxxxxx, Xxxxxxxxxxx
 
 
 
Rotex Europe Ltd
 
04307924 (Registered with Companies House) 
  
For notices: 
DTM Legal LLP 
Archway House 
Station Road 
Chester 
CH1 3DR 
United Kingdom 
  
Office location: 
Archway House, 
Station Road, 
Chester, 
England, 
CH1 3DR
 
Name of Original Guarantor
 
Registration number (or equivalent, if any)
Xxxxxxxxxxx, Inc.
 
Xxx Xxxxxxxxxx Xxxxxxxxx 
Xxxxxxxxxx, Xxxxxxx 00000 
Indiana Secretary of State 
#2007110100396
 
 
 
Process Equipment Group, Inc.
 
00 Xxxx Xxxxx Xxxxxx 
Xxxxxxx, Xxx Xxxxxx 00000
Xxx Xxxxxx Secretary of State 
#5278301800
 
 
 
K-Tron Investment Co.
 
000 Xxxxx Xxxx, Xxxxx 000 
Xxxxxxxxxx, Xxxxxxxx 00000 
Delaware Secretary of State 
#2250493
 
 
 
Xxxxxxxxxxx Luxembourg Inc.
 
0000 Xxxxxx Xxxxxx 
Xxxxxxxxxx, Xxxxxxxx 00000 
Delaware Secretary of State 
#3745346
 


[Page 159]
 
141
 


[Page 160]
 
 
Name of Original Guarantor
 
Registration number (or equivalent, if any)
Milacron Plastics Technologies Group LLC
 
0000 Xxxxxxxxxxx Xxxx, Xxxxx 000 
Xxxxxxxxxx, Xxxxxxxx 00000
Delaware Secretary of State 
#4692536
 
 
 
Milacron Marketing Company LLC
 
0000 Xxxxxxxxxxx Xxxx, Xxxxx 000 
Xxxxxxxxxx, Xxxxxxxx 00000
Delaware Secretary of State 
#4692541
 
 
 
Milacron LLC
 
0000 Xxxxxxxxxxx Xxxx, Xxxxx 000 
Xxxxxxxxxx, Xxxxxxxx 00000
Delaware Secretary of State 
#4678052
 
 
142
 


[Page 161]
 
 
Part 2
 
The Original Lenders
 
Name of Original Lender
 
Commitment
in EUR
  
Treaty Passport Scheme
reference number
COMMERZBANK Aktiengesellschaft
 
 
115,500,000.00  
7/C/25382/DTTP
DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt am Main, New
York Branch
 
 
72,000,000.00  
7/D/205877/DTTP
HSBC Trinkaus & Xxxxxxxxx GmbH
 
 
58,000,000.00  
7/H/275147/DTTP
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) Frankfurt Branch
 
 
50,500,000.00  
73/S/42621/DTTP
Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
 
 
29,000,000.00  
43/S/274647/DTTP
 
 
 
   
 
TOTAL
 
 
325,000,000.00  
 
 
 
143
 


[Page 162]
 
 
SCHEDULE 2
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT
 
Part 1
 
Conditions Precedent to Initial Utilisation
 
1.
ORIGINAL OBLIGORS
 
(a)
In relation to an Original Obligor incorporated or established in Germany an up-to-date commercial register extract
(Handelsregisterausdruck), its articles of association (Satzung) or partnership agreement (Gesellschaftsvertrag), copies
of any by-laws as well as a list of shareholders (Gesellschafterliste) (in each case, if applicable).
 
(b)
A copy of a good standing certificate (including verification of tax status) with respect to each U.S. Obligor, issued as of
a recent date by the Secretary of State or other appropriate official of each U.S. Obligor's jurisdiction of incorporation or
organisation.
 
(c)
In relation to an Original Obligor incorporated or established in a jurisdiction other than Germany a copy of its
constitutional documents.
 
(d)
In relation to an Original Obligor incorporated or established in Germany a copy of a resolution signed by all the holders
of the issued shares of such Original Obligor and/or if applicable and required under the respective Original Obligor’s
constitutional documents, a copy of a resolution of the supervisory board (Aufsichtsrat) and/or advisory board (Beirat) of
such Original Obligor approving the terms of, and the transactions contemplated by the Finance Documents.
 
(e)
In relation to an Original Obligor incorporated in a jurisdiction other than Germany, or England and Wales or a
jurisdiction of the U.S., a copy of a resolution signed by all the holders of the issued shares in each such Original
Obligor, approving the terms of, and the transactions contemplated by the Finance Documents.
 
(f)
A copy of a resolution of the board of directors, or equivalent governing body, of each Original Obligor incorporated or
established in a jurisdiction other than Germany:
 
(i)
approving the terms of, and the transactions contemplated by, the Finance Documents to which it is a party and
resolving that it execute the Finance Documents to which it is a party;
 
(ii)
authorising a specified person or persons to execute the Finance Documents to which it is a party on its behalf;
and
 
(iii)
authorising a specified person or persons, on its behalf, to sign and/or despatch all documents and notices
(including, if relevant, any Utilisation Request) to be signed and/or despatched by it under or in connection with
the Finance Documents to which it is a party.
 
(g)
A specimen of the signature of each person authorised to execute any Finance Document and other documents and
notices (including, if relevant, any Utilisation Request) to be signed and/or despatched by it under or in connection with
the Finance Documents to which it is a party.
 
(h)
A certificate of an authorised signatory of the relevant Original Obligor incorporated or established in a jurisdiction in
the United Kingdom, confirming that borrowing or
 
 
144
 


[Page 163]
 
 
 
 
guaranteeing, as appropriate, the Total Commitments would not cause any borrowing, guarantee or similar limit binding
on it to be exceeded.
 
 
 
(i)
A certificate of an authorised signatory of the relevant Original Obligor certifying that each copy document relating to it
specified in this Part 1 (Conditions
 
 
 
Precedent to Initial Utilisation) of Schedule 2 (Conditions Precedent) is correct, complete and in full force and effect as
at a date no earlier than the date of this Agreement.
 
2.
FINANCE DOCUMENTS
 
(a)
This Agreement executed by each member of the Group party to this Agreement.
 
(b)
The Agency Fee Letter and Mandate Letter executed by the Company.
 
3.
LEGAL OPINIONS
 
(a)
A legal opinion of Xxxxxx & Xxxxxxx LLP, legal advisers to the Arranger and the Agent in Germany as to German law,
substantially in the form distributed to the Original Lenders prior to signing this Agreement;
 
(b)
A legal opinion of Xxxxxx & Xxxxxxx LLP, legal advisers to the Arranger and the Agent in New York as to certain U.S.
law matters, substantially in the form distributed to the Original Lenders prior to signing this Agreement;
 
(c)
A legal opinion of Xxxxxxxx Xxxxx Xxxx Ltd, legal advisers to the Arranger and Agent in Switzerland as to Swiss law,
substantially in the form distributed to the Original Lenders prior to signing this Agreement;
 
(d)
A legal opinion of Xxxxxxx, Arps, Slate, Xxxxxxx & Xxxx LLP, legal advisers to the Company in Germany as to
German law, substantially in the form distributed to the Original Lenders prior to signing this Agreement;
 
(e)
A legal opinion of Xxxxxxx, Arps, Slate, Xxxxxxx & Xxxx (UK) LLP, legal advisers to the Company in England as to
English law, substantially in the form distributed to the Original Lenders prior to signing this Agreement;
 
(f)
A legal opinion of MME Legal, legal advisers to the Company in Switzerland as to Swiss law, substantially in the form
distributed to the Original Lenders prior to signing this Agreement;
 
(g)
A legal opinion of Xxxxxxx, Arps, Slate, Xxxxxxx & Xxxx LLP, legal advisers to the Company in Delaware as to
Delaware law, substantially in the form distributed to the Original Lenders prior to signing this Agreement;
 
(h)
A legal opinion of Drinker Xxxxxx & Xxxxx LLP, legal advisers to the Company in New Jersey as to New Jersey law,
substantially in the form distributed to the Original Lenders prior to signing this Agreement;
 
(i)
A legal opinion of Ice Xxxxxx LLP, legal advisers to the Company in Indiana as to Indiana law, substantially in the form
distributed to the Original Lenders prior to signing this Agreement.
 
4.
OTHER DOCUMENTS AND EVIDENCE
 
(a)
Evidence that the Existing L/G Facility will be cancelled and fully refinanced no later than the satisfaction of each
condition precedent pursuant to this Part 1 (Conditions
 
 
145
 


[Page 164]
 
 
 
 
Precedent to initial Utilisation) of Schedule 2 (Conditions Precedent) other than the condition under this paragraph 4(a).
 
(b)
Copy of an executed Electronic Platform Agreement with each Original Lender.
 
(c)
Evidence that any process agent referred to in Clause 40.2 (Service of process), if not an Original Obligor, has accepted
its appointment as well as a copy of the executed Process Agent Appointment Letter.
 
(d)
A copy of any other authorisation or other document, opinion or assurance reasonably requested by the Agent (if it has
notified the Company accordingly) in connection with the entry into and performance of the transactions contemplated
by any Finance Document or for the validity and enforceability of any Finance Document.
 
(e)
The Original Financial Statements of each Original Obligor.
 
(f)
The Budget.
 
(g)
An unaudited list of Material Domestic Subsidiaries as of the date of this Agreement.
 
(h)
Evidence that the fees, costs and expenses then due from the Company pursuant to Clause 11 (Fees) and, to the extent
invoiced at least one Business Day prior to the proposed Utilisation, Clause 16 (Costs and expenses) have been paid or
will be paid by the first Utilisation Date.
 
(i)
The Group Structure Chart.
 
(j)
A certificate of the Company certifying that:
 
(i)
all of the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in the Agreement are true and correct in all
material respects (provided that any representation or warranty qualified by materiality or Material Adverse
Effect is true and correct in all respects), except that to the extent that such representation or warranty expressly
relates to an earlier date, such representation or warranty is true and correct as of such earlier date; and
 
(ii)
no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.
 
 
146
 


[Page 165]
 
 
Part 2
 
Conditions Precedent required to be delivered by an Additional Obligor
 
1.
An Accession Letter, duly executed by the Additional Obligor and the Company.
 
2.
In relation to an Additional Obligor incorporated or established in Germany an up to date commercial register extract
(Handelsregisterausdruck), its articles of association (Satzung) or partnership agreement (Gesellschaftsvertrag), copies of any by
laws as well as a list of shareholders (Gesellschafterliste) (in each case, if applicable).
 
3.
In relation to an Additional Obligor incorporated in a jurisdiction other than Germany, a copy of its constitutional documents.
 
4.
In relation to an Additional Obligor incorporated or established in Germany a copy of a resolution signed by all the holders of the
issued shares in such Additional Obligor and/or if applicable and required under the respective Additional Obligor’s
constitutional documents a copy of a resolution of the supervisory board (Aufsichtsrat) and/or if applicable and required under the
respective Additional Obligor’s constitutional documents the advisory board (Beirat) of such Additional Obligor approving the
terms of, and the transactions contemplated by the Finance Documents.
 
5.
In relation to an Additional Obligor incorporated in a jurisdiction other than Germany or England and Wales or a jurisdiction of
the U.S. a copy of a resolution signed by all the holders of the issued shares in each such Additional Obligor if required under the
respective Additional Obligor’s constitutional documents, approving the terms of, and the transactions contemplated by the
Finance Documents.
 
6.
A copy of a resolution of the board of directors or equivalent governing body of any Additional Obligor incorporated or
established in a jurisdiction other than Germany:
 
(a)
approving the terms of, and the transactions contemplated by, the Accession Letter and the Finance Documents and
resolving that it execute the Accession Letter;
 
(b)
authorising a specified person or persons to execute the Accession Letter on its behalf; and
 
(c)
authorising a specified person or persons, on its behalf, to sign and/or despatch all other documents and notices
(including, in relation to an Additional Borrower, any Utilisation Request) to be signed and/or despatched by it under or
in connection with the Finance Documents.
 
7.
A specimen of the signature of each person authorised to execute any Finance Document and other documents and notices
(including, if relevant, any Utilisation Request and Selection Notice) to be signed and/or despatched by it under or in connection
with the Finance Documents to which it is a party.
 
8.
A certificate of an authorised signatory of the Additional Obligor certifying that each copy constitutional documents or resolution
(including items listed in No. 4, 5 and 6, as applicable) listed in this Part 2 (Conditions Precedent required to be Delivered by an
Additional Obligor) of Schedule 2 (Conditions Precedent) is correct, complete and in full force and effect as at a date no earlier
than the date of the Accession Letter.
 
 
147
 


[Page 166]
 
 
9.
A copy of any other authorisation or other document, opinion or assurance reasonably requested by the Agent in connection with
the entry into and performance of the transactions contemplated by the Accession Letter or for the validity and enforceability of
any Finance Document.
 
10.
If available, the latest audited financial statements of the Additional Obligor.
 
11.
A legal opinion of Xxxxxx & Xxxxxxx LLP, legal advisers to the Arranger and the Agent in Germany.
 
12.
A legal opinion of the legal advisers to the Company in the jurisdiction in which the Additional Obligor is incorporated.
 
13.
If the proposed Additional Obligor is incorporated in a jurisdiction other than Germany, evidence that the process agent specified
in Clause 40.2 (Service of process), if not an Obligor, has accepted its appointment in relation to the proposed Additional Obligor
together with a copy of the executed Process Agent Appointment Letter in relation to the proposed Additional Obligor.
 
 
148
 


[Page 167]
 
 
SCHEDULE 3
UTILISATION REQUEST
 
From:
[Borrower]
 
To:
[Issuing Bank]
 
Dated:
 
Dear Sir or Madam
 
Xxxxxxxxxxx, Inc. - EUR [325,000,000] L/G Facility Agreement dated [●] (the "Agreement")
 
1.
We refer to the Agreement. This is a Utilisation Request. Terms defined in the Agreement have the same meaning in this
Utilisation Request unless given a different meaning in this Utilisation Request.
 
2.
We wish to arrange for an L/G to be issued on the following terms:
 
Borrower and obligor of secured obligations:
 
 
 
Issuing Bank:1 
 
 
 
Proposed Utilisation Date:
[ · ] (or, if that is not a Business Day, the next Business Day)
 
 
Currency of L/G:
[ · ]
 
 
Amount:
[ · ]
 
 
Beneficiary:
[ · ]
 
 
Term or Maturity Date:
[ · ]
 
 
Type of L/ G:
[ · ]
 
3.
We confirm that each condition specified in Clause 4.2 (Further conditions precedent) is satisfied on the date of this
Utilisation Request.
 
4.
The Company confirms to each Finance Party that each of the Repeated Representations is true and correct in all
material respects as at the date hereof as if made by reference to the facts and circumstances existing on the date hereof,
except that to the extent that such representation or warranty expressly relates to an earlier date, such representation or
warranty is true and correct as of such earlier date.
 
5.
This Utilisation Request is irrevocable.
 
6.
Delivery Instructions:
 
7.
[specify delivery instructions]
 
8.
The draft of the requested L/G is attached to this Utilisation Request.
 
 
1 
If more than one, portion of participation in L/G.
 
 
149
 


[Page 168]
 
 
Yours faithfully
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
authorised signatory for
 
[name of relevant Borrower]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
authorised signatory for
 
Xxxxxxxxxxx, Inc.2 
 
 
 
2 
If different from the Borrower
 
 
150
 


[Page 169]
 
 
SCHEDULE 4
FORM OF ADDITIONAL COMMITMENT REQUEST
 
From:
Xxxxxxxxxxx, Inc.
 
To:
[Agent]
 
Attn:
[ · ]
 
Dated: [ · ]
 
Xxxxxxxxxxx, Inc. - EUR 325,000,000 L/G Facility Agreement dated [●] (the "Agreement")
 
Dear Sir or Madam,
 
1.
We refer to the Agreement. This is an Additional Commitment Request. Terms defined in the Agreement shall have the same
meaning in this Additional Commitment Request.
 
2.
We hereby give you notice that we request the increase of the Total Commitments by an amount of [ · ] pursuant to Clause 2.3
(Allocation of Additional Commitments) of the Agreement.
 
3.
[We will pay to each participating Lender participating with an amount of EUR [ · ], a participation fee of [ · ] per cent. [in each
case] on the amount of the Commitment assumed by it, payable to [it/the Agent for the account of each such Lender] within five
Business Days after effectiveness of the respective increase.]3 
 
4.
We confirm that, at the date hereof, no Default has occurred which is continuing.
 
Yours faithfully
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
authorised signatory for
 
Xxxxxxxxxxx, Inc.
 
 
 
3 
Specify terms offered.
 
 
151
 


[Page 170]
 
 
SCHEDULE 5
FORM OF INCREASE CONFIRMATION
 
To:
[ · ] as Agent and [ · ] as Company
 
From:
[the Increase Lender] (the "Increase Lender")
 
Dated: [ · ]
 
Xxxxxxxxxxx, Inc. - EUR 325,000,000 L/G Facility Agreement dated [●] (the "Agreement")
 
1.
We refer to the Agreement. This is an Increase Confirmation. Terms defined in the Agreement have the same meaning in this
Increase Confirmation unless given a different meaning in this Increase Confirmation.
 
2.
We refer to Clause 2.2 (Increase).
 
3.
The Increase Xxxxxx agrees to assume and will assume all of the obligations corresponding to the Commitment specified in the
Schedule (the "Relevant Commitment") as if it was an Original Lender under the Agreement.
 
4.
The proposed date on which the increase in relation to the Increase Lender and the Relevant Commitment is to take effect (the
"Increase Date") is [ · ].
 
5.
On the Increase Date, the Increase Lender becomes a party to the Finance Documents as a Lender.
 
6.
The Facility Office and address, fax number and attention details for notices to the Increase Lender for the purposes of Clause
30.2 (Addresses) are set out in the Schedule.
 
7.
The Increase Lender expressly acknowledges the limitations on the Lenders' obligations referred to in paragraph 2.2(f) of Clause
2.2 (Increase).
 
8.
The Increase Lender expressly confirms that it [can/cannot] exempt the Agent from the restrictions pursuant to section 181
German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) and similar restrictions applicable to it pursuant to any other applicable law as
provided for Clause 25.1 (Appointment of the Agent).
 
9.
The Increase Lender confirms, for the benefit of the Agent and without liability to any Obligor, that it is:4 
 
(a)
with respect to a German Borrower:
 
(i)
[a Qualifying Lender (other than a Treaty Lender);]
 
(ii)
[a Treaty Lender;]
 
(iii)
[not a Qualifying Lender].
 
(b)
with respect to a UK Borrower:
 
(i)
[a Qualifying Lender (other than a Treaty Lender);]
 
 
4 
Delete as applicable. Each Increase Lender is required to confirm which of these categories it falls within with respect to each
relevant Borrower.
 
 
152
 


[Page 171]
 
 
(ii)
[a Treaty Lender;]
 
(iii)
[not a Qualifying Lender];
 
(c)
with respect to a U.S. Borrower:
 
(i)
[a Qualifying Lender;]
 
(ii)
[not a Qualifying Lender]; and
 
(d)
with respect to any other Borrower, is a Qualifying Lender.
 
10.
[The Increase Lender confirms, for the benefit of each other Party to the Agreement that it [is]/[is not]5 a FATCA Exempt
Party.]
 
11.
[The Increase Lender confirms that the person beneficially entitled to interest payable to that Lender in respect of an advance
under a Finance Document is either:
 
(a)
a company resident in the United Kingdom for United Kingdom tax purposes;
 
(b)
a partnership each member of which is:
 
(i)
a company so resident in the United Kingdom; or
 
(ii)
a company not so resident in the United Kingdom which carries on a trade in the United Kingdom through a
permanent establishment and which brings into account in computing its chargeable profits (within the meaning
of section 19 of the CTA) the whole of any share of interest payable in respect of that advance that falls to it by
reason of Part 17 of the CTA; or
 
(c)
a company not so resident in the United Kingdom which carries on a trade in the United Kingdom through a permanent
establishment and which brings into account interest payable in respect of that advance in computing the chargeable
profits (within the meaning of section 19 of the CTA) of that company.]6 
 
12.
[The Increase Lender confirms that it holds a passport under the HMRC DT Treaty Passport scheme (reference number [ · ]) and
is tax resident in [ · ],7 so that interest payable to it by borrowers is generally subject to full exemption from UK withholding tax,
and requests that the Parent notify:
 
(a)
each Borrower which is a Party as a Borrower as at the Increase Date; and
 
(b)
each Additional Borrower which becomes an Additional Borrower after the Increase Date,
 
that it wishes that scheme to apply to the Agreement.]8
 
 
5 
Delete as applicable.
 
6 
Include if the Increase Lender comes within paragraph (ii)(A)(2) of the definition of Qualifying Lender in Clause 12.1
(Definitions)
 
7 
Insert jurisdiction of tax residence.
 
8 
Include if the Increase Lender holds a passport under the HMRC DT Treaty Passport scheme and wishes that scheme to apply to
the Agreement.
 
 
153
 


[Page 172]
 
 
13.
The Increase Lender confirms, for the benefit of the Agent and without liability to any Obligor, that as of the date of this Increase
Confirmation [it is / it is not]9 a Swiss Qualifying Bank.
 
14.
This Increase Confirmation may be executed in any number of counterparts and this has the same effect as if the signatures on the
counterparts were on a single copy of this Increase Confirmation.
 
15.
This Increase Confirmation and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are governed by German
law.
 
 
9 
Delete as applicable.
 
 
154
 


[Page 173]
 
 
THE SCHEDULE
 
Relevant Commitment/rights and obligations to be assumed by the Increase Lender
 
[insert relevant details]
 
[Facility office address, fax number and attention details for notices and account details for payments]
 
[Increase Lender]
 
By:
 
 
This Increase Confirmation is accepted by the Company.
 
Company
 
By:
 
 
This Increase Confirmation is accepted as an Increase Confirmation for the purposes of the Agreement by the Agent and the Company and
the Increase Date is confirmed as [ · ].
 
Agent
 
By:
 
 
155
 


[Page 174]
 
 
SCHEDULE 6
FORM OF TRANSFER CERTIFICATE
 
To:
[ · ] as Agent
 
From:
[The Existing Lender] (the "Existing Lender") and [The New Lender] (the "New Lender")
 
Dated: [ · ]
 
Xxxxxxxxxxx, Inc. - EUR 325,000,000 L/G Facility Agreement dated [●] (the "Agreement")
 
1.
We refer to the Agreement. This is a Transfer Certificate. Terms defined in the Agreement have the same meaning in this Transfer
Certificate unless given a different meaning in this Transfer Certificate.
 
2.
We refer to Clause 23.5 (Procedure for assignment and transfer by assumption of contract (Vertragsübernahme)) of the
Agreement:
 
(a)
The Existing Lender and the New Lender agree to the Existing Lender assigning and transferring to the New Lender by
assumption of contract (Vertragsübernahme) and in accordance with Clause (ii) (Procedure for assignment and transfer
by assumption of contract (Vertragsübernahme)) of the Agreement all of the Existing Xxxxxx's rights and obligations
under the Agreement and the other Finance Documents which relate to that portion of the Existing Lender's
Commitment(s) and participations in L/Gs under the Agreement as specified in the Schedule.
 
(b)
The proposed Transfer Date is [ · ].
 
(c)
The Facility Office and address, fax number and attention details for notices of the New Lender for the purposes of
Clause 30.2 (Addresses) of the Agreement are set out in the Schedule.
 
3.
The New Lender expressly acknowledges the limitations on the Existing Xxxxxx's obligations set out in paragraph 23.4(c) of
Clause 23.4 (Limitation of responsibility of Existing Lenders) of the Agreement.
 
4.
The New Lender expressly confirms that it [can/cannot] exempt the Agent from the restrictions pursuant to section 181 German
Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) and similar restrictions applicable to it pursuant to any other applicable law as provided for
in paragraph (c) of Clause Clause 25.1 (Appointment of the Agent) of the Agreement.
 
5.
The New Lender confirms that it has acceded to the existing Electronic Platform Agreement.
 
6.
The New Lender confirms, for the benefit of the Agent and without liability to any Obligor, that it is:
 
(a)
with respect to a German Borrower:
 
(i)
[a Qualifying Lender (other than a Treaty Lender)];
 
(ii)
[a Treaty Lender;]
 
(i)
[not a Qualifying Lender];
 
(b)
with respect to a UK Borrower:
 
(i)
[a Qualifying Lender (other than a Treaty Lender);]
 
 
156
 


[Page 175]
 
 
(ii)
[a Treaty Lender;]
 
(iii)
[not a Qualifying Lender];
 
(c)
with respect to a U.S. Borrower:
 
(i)
[a Qualifying Lender;]
 
(ii)
[not a Qualifying Lender]; and
 
(d)
with respect to any other Borrower, is a Qualifying Lender.10 
 
7.
[The New Lender confirms, for the benefit of each other Party to the Agreement that it [is]/[is not]11 a FATCA Exempt Party.]
 
8.
[The New Lender confirms that the person beneficially entitled to interest payable to that Lender in respect of an advance under a
Finance Document is either:
 
(a)
a company resident in the United Kingdom for United Kingdom tax purposes;
 
(b)
a partnership each member of which is:
 
(i)
a company so resident in the United Kingdom; or
 
(ii)
a company not so resident in the United Kingdom which carries on a trade in the United Kingdom through a
permanent establishment and which brings into account in computing its chargeable profits (within the meaning
of section 19 of the CTA) the whole of any share of interest payable in respect of that advance that falls to it by
reason of Part 17 of the CTA; or
 
(c)
a company not so resident in the United Kingdom which carries on a trade in the United Kingdom through a permanent
establishment and which brings into account interest payable in respect of that advance in computing the chargeable
profits (within the meaning of section 19 of the CTA) of that company.]12 
 
9.
[The New Lender confirms that it holds a passport under the HMRC DT Treaty Passport scheme (reference number [ · ]) and is
tax resident in [ · ],13 so that interest payable to it by borrowers is generally subject to full exemption from UK withholding tax,
and requests that the Parent notify:
 
(a)
each Borrower which is a Party as a Borrower as at the Transfer Date; and
 
(b)
each Additional Borrower which becomes an Additional Borrower after the Transfer Date,
 
that it wishes that scheme to apply to the Agreement.]14
 
 
10 
Delete as applicable - each New Lender is required to confirm which of these three categories it falls within.
 
11 
Delete as applicable.
 
12 
Include if New Lender comes within paragraph (ii)(A)(2) of the definition of Qualifying Lender in Clause 12.1 (Definitions)
 
13 
Insert jurisdiction of tax residence.
 
14 
Include if New Lender holds a passport under the HMRC DT Treaty Passport scheme and wishes that scheme to apply to the
Agreement.
 
 
157
 


[Page 176]
 
 
10.
The New Lender confirms, for the benefit of the Agent and without liability to any Obligor, that as of the date of this Transfer
Certificate [it is / it is not]15 a Swiss Qualifying Bank.
 
11.
This Transfer Certificate may be executed in any number of counterparts and this has the same effect as if the signatures on the
counterparts were on a single copy of this Transfer Certificate.
 
12.
This Transfer Certificate and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are governed by German law.
 
13.
This Transfer Certificate has been entered into on the date stated at the beginning of this Transfer Certificate.
 
 
15 
Delete as applicable.
 
 
158
 


[Page 177]
 
 
THE SCHEDULE
 
Commitment/rights and obligations to be assigned and transferred by way of assumption of contract (Vertragsübernahme)
 
[insert relevant details]
 
[Facility Office address, fax number and attention details for notices and account details for payments,]
 
[Existing Lender]
 
[New Lender]
 
 
 
By:
 
By:
 
This Transfer Certificate is accepted by the Agent and the Transfer Date is confirmed as [ · ] [Agent]
 
By:
 
 
159
 


[Page 178]
 
 
SCHEDULE 7
FORM OF ACCESSION LETTER
 
To:
[ · ] as Agent
 
From:
[Subsidiary] and Xxxxxxxxxxx, Inc.
 
Dated: [ · ]
 
Dear Sir or Madam
 
Xxxxxxxxxxx, Inc. - EUR 325,000,000 L/G Facility Agreement dated [●] (the "Agreement")
 
1.
We refer to the Agreement. This is an Accession Letter. Terms defined in the Agreement have the same meaning in this
Accession Letter unless given a different meaning in this Accession Letter.
 
2.
[Subsidiary] agrees to become an Additional [Borrower]/[Guarantor] and to be bound by the terms of the Agreement as an
Additional [Borrower]/[Guarantor] pursuant to Clause 24.2 (Additional Borrowers)]/[Clause 24.4 (Additional Guarantors)] of the
Agreement. [Subsidiary] is a company duly incorporated under the laws of [name of relevant jurisdiction].
 
3.
[The Company confirms as of the date hereof that no Default is continuing or would occur as a result of [Subsidiary] becoming
an Additional Borrower.]16 
 
4.
We confirm to each Finance Party that each of the Repeated Representations is true and correct in all material respects in relation
to us as at the date hereof as if made by reference to the facts and circumstances existing on the date hereof, except that to the
extent that such representation or warranty expressly relates to an earlier date, such representation or warranty is true and correct
as of such earlier date.
 
5.
[[Subsidiary] confirms that it has acceded to the existing Electronic Platform Agreement.]17 
 
6.
[Subsidiary's] administrative details are as follows:
 
Address:
 
Fax No:
 
Attention:
 
7.
This Accession Letter and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are governed by German law.
 
Xxxxxxxxxxx, Inc.
 
[Subsidiary]
 
 
16 
Include in the case of an Additional Borrower.
 
17 
Include in the case of an Additional Borrower.
 
 
160
 


[Page 179]
 
 
SCHEDULE 8
FORM OF RESIGNATION LETTER
 
To:
[ · ] as Agent
 
From:
[resigning Obligor] and Xxxxxxxxxxx, Inc.
 
Dated: [ · ]
 
Dear Sir or Madam
 
Xxxxxxxxxxx, Inc. - EUR 325,000,000 L/G Facility Agreement dated [●] (the "Agreement")
 
1.
We refer to the Agreement. This is a Resignation Letter. Terms defined in the Agreement have the same meaning in this
Resignation Letter unless given a different meaning in this Resignation Letter.
 
2.
Pursuant to [Clause 24.3 (Resignation of a Borrower)]/[Clause 24.5 (Resignation of a Guarantor)], we request that [resigning
Obligor] be released from its obligations as a [Borrower]/[Guarantor] under the Agreement.
 
3.
We confirm that, as of the date hereof:
 
(a)
no Default is continuing or would result from the acceptance of this request; and
 
(b)
[ · ]18 
 
4.
This Resignation Letter and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are governed by German law.
 
Xxxxxxxxxxx, Inc.
 
[Subsidiary]
 
 
 
By:
 
By:
 
 
18 
Insert any other conditions required by the Facility Agreement.
 
 
161
 


[Page 180]
 
 
SCHEDULE 9
FORM OF COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
 
To:
[ · ] as Agent
 
From:
Xxxxxxxxxxx, Inc.
 
Dated: [ · ]
 
Dear Sir or Madam
 
Xxxxxxxxxxx, Inc. - EUR 325,000,000 L/G Facility Agreement dated [●] (the "Agreement")
 
1.
We refer to the Agreement. This is a Compliance Certificate. Terms defined in the Agreement have the same meaning when used
in this Compliance Certificate unless given a different meaning in this Compliance Certificate.
 
2.
We confirm that:
 
(a)
Leverage in respect of the Relevant Period ending [ · ] is [ · ] and complies with the requirements of paragraph 20.2(a) of
Clause 20.2 (Financial condition).
 
(b)
Interest Coverage in respect of the Relevant Period ending [ · ] is [ · ] and complies with the requirements of paragraph
20.2(b) of Clause 20.2 (Financial condition).
 
3.
We confirm that as of [ · ] the following members of the Group constitute Material Subsidiaries for the purpose of the
Agreement:19 
 
(a)
[ · ]
 
(b)
Material Domestic Subsidiaries are marked with an * and Excluded Subsidiaries are marked with **.
 
3.2
We confirm that, as of the date hereof, no Default is continuing.20 
 
4.
[According to the definition of "L/G Fee Rate" the applicable L/G Fee Rate is [ · ] per cent. per annum.]
 
 
Signed:
 
 
 
 
Director
 
Director
 
of
 
of
 
Xxxxxxxxxxx, Inc.
 
Xxxxxxxxxxx, Inc.
 
 
19 
Only relevant for annual certificate and to be confirmed as of financial year end.
 
20 
Only relevant for annual certificate.
 
 
162
 


[Page 181]
 
 
SCHEDULE 10
LMA FORM OF CONFIDENTIALITY UNDERTAKING
 
To:
[insert name of Potential Lender]
 
Re:
The Facility
 
Borrower:
[ · ] (the "Borrower")
 
Amount:
[ · ]
 
Agent:
[ · ]
 
Dear Sir or Madam
 
We understand that you are considering participating in the Facility. In consideration of us agreeing to make available to you certain
information, by your signature of a copy of this letter you agree as follows:
 
1.
Confidentiality Undertaking
 
You undertake:
 
1.1
to keep the Confidential Information confidential and not to disclose it to anyone except as provided for by paragraph 2 below
and to ensure that the Confidential Information is protected with security measures and a degree of care that would apply to your
own confidential information;
 
1.2
to keep confidential and not disclose to anyone the fact that the Confidential Information has been made available or that
discussions or negotiations are taking place or have taken place between us in connection with the Facility;
 
1.3
to use the Confidential Information only for the Permitted Purpose;
 
1.4
to use all reasonable endeavours to ensure that any person to whom you pass any Confidential Information (unless disclosed
under paragraph 2.2 below) acknowledges and complies with the provisions of this letter as if that person were also a party to it;
and
 
1.5
not to make enquiries of any member of the Group or any of their officers, directors, employees or professional advisers relating
directly or indirectly to the Facility.
 
2.
Permitted Disclosure
 
We agree that you may disclose Confidential Information:
 
2.1
to any of its Affiliates and Related Funds and any of its or their directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants,
legal counsel and other advisors (it being understood that the persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the
confidential nature of such Confidential Information and instructed to keep such Confidential Information confidential) in
connection with this Agreement;
 
2.2
to the extent requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over such person or its Affiliates (including any
self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners);
 
 
163
 


[Page 182]
 
 
2.3
to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process (in which case the Agent and
the Lenders agree (except with respect to any audit or examination conducted by bank accountants or any self regulatory
authority or governmental or regulatory authority exercising examination or regulatory authority), to the extent practicable and
not prohibited by applicable law, rule or regulation, to inform the Company promptly thereof prior to the disclosure thereof);
 
2.4
in connection with the exercise of any remedies under this letter or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this letter or the
enforcement of its rights under this letter;
 
2.5
to the extent such Confidential Information:
 
(a)
becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this letter;
 
(b)
becomes available on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the Company; or
 
2.6
with the prior written consent of us and the Company.
 
3.
Notification of Required or Unauthorised Disclosure
 
You agree (to the extent permitted by law) to inform us of the full circumstances of any disclosure under paragraph 2.2 or upon
becoming aware that Confidential Information has been disclosed in breach of this letter.
 
4.
Return of Copies
 
If we so request in writing, you shall return all Confidential Information supplied to you by us and destroy or permanently erase
all copies of Confidential Information made by you and use all reasonable endeavours to ensure that anyone to whom you have
supplied any Confidential Information destroys or permanently erases such Confidential Information and any copies made by
them, in each case save to the extent that you or the recipients are required to retain any such Confidential Information by any
applicable law, rule or regulation or by any competent judicial, governmental, supervisory or regulatory body or in accordance
with internal policy, or where the Confidential Information has been disclosed under paragraph 2.2 above.
 
5.
Continuing Obligations
 
The obligations in this letter are continuing and, in particular, shall survive the termination of any discussions or negotiations
between you and us. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, the obligations in this letter shall cease (a) if you become a party or
otherwise acquire an interest, direct or indirect in the Facility or (b) thirty six (36) months after you have returned all Confidential
Information supplied to you by us and destroyed or permanently erased all copies of Confidential Information made by you
(other than any such Confidential Information or copies which have been disclosed under paragraph 2 above (other than sub
paragraph 2.2) or which, pursuant to paragraph 4 above, are not required to be returned or destroyed).
 
6.
No Representation; Consequences of Breach, etc
 
You acknowledge and agree that:
 
6.1
neither we nor any of our officers, employees or advisers (each a "Relevant Person") (i) make any representation or warranty,
express or implied, as to, or assume any responsibility for, the accuracy, reliability or completeness of any of the Confidential
Information or any other information supplied by us or any member of the Group or the assumptions on which it is based or
(ii) shall be under any obligation to update or correct any inaccuracy in the Confidential
 
 
164
 


[Page 183]
 
 
  
Information or any other information supplied by us or any member of the Group or be otherwise liable to you or any other
person in respect to the Confidential Information or any such information; and
  
 
6.2
we or members of the Group may be irreparably harmed by the breach of the terms of this letter and damages may not be an
adequate remedy; each Relevant Person or member of the Group may be granted an injunction or specific performance for any
threatened or actual breach of the provisions of this letter by you.
 
7.
No Waiver; Amendments, etc
 
This letter sets out the full extent of your obligations of confidentiality owed to us in relation to the information the subject of this
letter. No failure or delay in exercising any right, power or privilege under this letter will operate as a waiver thereof nor will any
single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege preclude any further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right,
power or privileges under this letter. The terms of this letter and your obligations under this letter may only be amended or
modified by written agreement between us.
 
8.
Inside Information
 
You acknowledge that some or all of the Confidential Information is or may be price-sensitive information and that the use of
such information may be regulated or prohibited by applicable legislation relating to insider dealing and you undertake not to use
any Confidential Information for any unlawful purpose.
 
9.
Nature of Undertakings
 
The undertakings given by you under this letter are given to us and (without implying any fiduciary obligations on our part) are
also given for the benefit of the Company and each other member of the Group by way of a contract for the benefit of third
parties (Vertrag zugunsten Dritter).
 
10.
Third party rights
 
10.1
Subject to paragraph 6 and paragraph 9 the terms of this letter may be enforced and relied upon only by you and us.
 
10.2
Notwithstanding any provisions of this letter, the parties to this letter do not re-quire the consent of any Relevant Person or any
member of the Group to rescind or vary this letter at any time.
 
11.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
 
This letter (including the agreement constituted by your acknowledgement of its terms) shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of Germany and the parties submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the district court (Landgericht)
of Frankfurt am Main.
 
12.
Definitions
 
In this letter (including the acknowledgement set out below):
 
"Confidential Information" means any information relating to the Company, the Group, and the Facility provided to you by us
or any of our affiliates or advisers, in whatever form, and includes information given orally and any document, electronic file or
any other way of representing or recording information which contains or is derived or copied from such information but
excludes information that (a) is or becomes public knowledge other than as a direct or indirect result of any breach of this letter
or (b) is known by you before the date the information is disclosed to you by us or any of our affiliates or advisers or is lawfully
obtained
 
 
165
 


[Page 184]
 
 
by you after that date, other than from a source which is connected with the Group and which, in either case, as far as you are
aware, has not been obtained in violation of, and is not otherwise subject to, any obligation of confidentiality;
 
"Group" means the Borrower and each of its holding companies and subsidiaries and each subsidiary of each of its holding
companies.
 
"Participant Group" means you, each of your holding companies and subsidiaries and each subsidiary of each of your holding
companies; and
 
"Permitted Purpose" means considering and evaluating whether to enter into the Facility.
 
Please acknowledge your agreement to the above by signing and returning the enclosed copy.
 
Yours faithfully
 
 
 
 
For and on behalf of [Xxxxxxxx]
 
 
To: [Arranger]
 
The Company and each other member of the Group
 
We acknowledge and agree to the above:
 
 
 
 
For and on behalf of [Potential Lender]
 
 
 
166
 


[Page 185]
 
 
SCHEDULE 11
TIMETABLES
 
 
L/GS
 
 
Request for approval as an Optional Currency, if required.
U-5
 
 
Delivery of a duly completed Utilisation Request (Clause 5.1 (General))
U-3
 
"U" = date of utilisation
 
"U - X" = Business Days prior to date of utilisation
 
 
167
 


[Page 186]
 
 
SCHEDULE 12
FORM OF PROCESS AGENT APPOINTMENT LETTER
 
To:
[Coperion GmbH] as process agent
 
From:
[Obligor]
 
Date: [ · ]
 
Dear Sir or Madam
 
Xxxxxxxxxxx, Inc. - EUR 325,000,000 L/G Facility Agreement dated [●] (the "Agreement")
 
We refer to the Agreement and hereby irrevocably appoint you as our agent for service of process in relation to any proceeding before any
German court in connection with the above mentioned Agreement.
 
Signed:
 
 
 
 
 
[                                                        ]
 
of
 
[Obligor]
 
 
 
168
 


[Page 187]
 
 
SCHEDULE 13
FORM OF ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AGREEMENT
 
[Attached.]
 
 
169
 


[Page 188]
 
 
ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AGREEMENT
 
USE OF @GLOBALTRADE PLATFORM FOR EXCHANGE OF TRADE FINANCE INFORMATION
 
This Electronic Platform Agreement (the “Agreement”) is made between
(1)
[●] herein after referred to as (“Company”);
(2)
[●] herein after referred to as Borrowers (together with the Company, the “Borrowers”); and
(3)
[●] herein after referred to as Issuing Banks (together with any new Issuing Bank subsequently acceding to this Agreement, the
“Issuing Banks”).
 
The Borrowers and the Issuing Banks are individually referred to as “Party” and jointly as “Parties”.
 
PREAMBLE
 
Whereas the Company has entered into the EUR 225,000,000 Syndicated L/G Facility Agreement with the Issuing Banks originally dated
[●] June 2022 (as amended and restated or otherwise modified from time, the “Facility Agreement”).
 
In consideration of the mutual promises and covenants made herein, the Parties agree as follows:
 
1.       DEFINITIONS
 
1.1 In this Agreement:
 
“Effective Date” means [●].
 
1.2 Unless defined in this Agreement or the context otherwise requires, terms and expressions defined in the Facility Agreement shall have
the same meaning when used in this Agreement.
 
Xxxxxxxxxxx Electronic Platform Agreement
 
1


[Page 189]
 
 
2.       BACKGROUND & PURPOSE
 
In the effort to streamline its trade finance communication with the Issuing Banks the Company has adopted @GlobalTrade Multi-bank
Trade Finance Platform (the “Platform Provider” or “GTC”) for managing bank guarantees (“@GlobalTrade”, the “Platform”). This
Agreement is an “Electronic Platform Agreement” in the meaning of the Facility Agreement and @GlobalTrade is an “Electronic
Platform” in the meaning of the Facility Agreement.
 
Subject to the occurrence of the Effective Date, the Parties agree to use the Platform or SWIFT for administration and handling of all
Utilisation Requests under the Facility Agreement and the calculation of the L/G fees in accordance with clause 11.2 (L/G fee) of the
Facility Agreement.
 
If an Issuing Bank uses SWIFT, the data related to those instruments issued via SWIFT will not be visible in the @GlobalTrade platform
for the relevant Issuing Bank.
 
3.       GUARANTEE ISSUANCE SERVICE
 
The service provided by the Platform Provider via @GlobalTrade enables the Borrowers to digitise the handling of outgoing L/Gs with its
Issuing Banks using the Internet.
 
From the occurrence of the Effective Date, the Borrowers will use the Platform to initiate applications for L/Gs and will select which
Issuing Bank will issue them. The selected Issuing Bank will receive a SWIFT message or an email notification from the Platform when a
new L/G application is ready for processing. If the relevant Issuing Bank is not using SWIFT, such Issuing Bank will log onto the
Platform using its username and password to retrieve the L/G application. Once the L/G application is received and all relevant L/G
Requirements as set out in the Facility Agreement (including but not limited to conditions set out in clause 5.3 (Issue of L/Gs) and/or
clause 5.4 (Extension of L/Gs) and/or clause 5.5 (Reversal and reduction of L/Gs)) have been met, the Issuing Bank will follow the process
of issuing an L/G in its back office system. The Issuing Bank will thereafter upload a digital copy of the actual L/G as a PDF into the
Platform or send it via SWIFT. The Issuing Bank will record its reference number, fees, out of pocket expenses and other relevant
information pertaining to the guarantee as may be required by the Platform’s mandatory fields or a SWIFT message. The Issuing Bank
will perform similar steps when processing amendment requests and claims received from the Platform or via SWIFT. Extension or pay
requests as well as reversal and reductions will also be processed through the Platform or via SWIFT.
 
Xxxxxxxxxxx Electronic Platform Agreement
 
2


[Page 190]
 
 
Please note, that the Platform is web-based and is hosted in a ISO 27001 Certified data center located in Toronto, Canada. There is no cost
for the Issuing Banks to access the Platform. The Company can register Issuing Bank(s) with the Platform and will provide the first user
with its username and password. The Issuing Bank may choose to register additional users and configure a 2 eye or 4 eye approval
process.
 
The Issuing Bank may choose to use the Platform’s IP Filtering functionality to restrict access to the Platform from computers located
outside the Issuing Bank’s office. This additional security measure is an optional feature that the Company will enable upon Issuing
Banks’ request.
 
3.1.            ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATION
 
The Borrowers shall deliver any Utilisation Request to the Issuing Banks by electronic transfer only but subject to the provisions set out in
clause 5 (Utilisation) of the Facility Agreement.
 
During the term of the Facility Agreement, but subject to the occurrence of the Effective Date, each Issuing Bank herewith irrevocably
waives its right to require the Borrowers to deliver any request via fax or by letter for any such transaction which the Borrowers can
administer by using the Platform notwithstanding any contradictory clauses in the Facility Agreement.
 
This does not apply if the Platform is deemed to be “not available” pursuant to clause 1.2 (g) (Construction) of the Facility Agreement. In
this case all Utilisation Requests need to be handled in accordance with clause 5 (Utilisation) under the terms set out therein if the
Platform is not available. Each Utilisation Request made by the Borrowers via fax or by letter and all the L/Gs issued by the relevant
Issuing Bank thereunder have to be recorded into the Platform by the relevant Borrower (or the Company on its behalf) and the relevant
Issuing Bank without undue delay as soon as the technical error, defect or operating error has been fixed.
 
Xxxxxxxxxxx Electronic Platform Agreement
 
3


[Page 191]
 
 
3.2.            RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE COMPANY
 
The Company shall register the Issuing Banks with the Platform in the case that SWIFT is not used. The Company shall provide free
access to the Platform to the Issuing Banks for the duration of this Agreement and the Facility Agreement.
 
The Company shall inform the Platform Provider about (i) adjustments to the L/G Fee Rate and (ii) the initial Commitment according to
the Facility Agreement.
 
3.3.            RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE BORROWERS
 
The Borrowers shall request issuance of L/Gs and the respective amendments from the Issuing Banks through the Platform or via SWIFT.
The Company shall also use the Platform or SWIFT for handling reductions, extend or pay requests and claims. The Borrowers (or the
Company on their behalf) shall provide or shall load currency exchange rates to the Electronic Platform immediately prior to the date on
which a Report is prepared representing the Spot Rate of Exchange of that day. Electronic communication received through the Platform
or via SWIFT the Borrowers will accept as original communication without paper confirmation to follow.
 
3.4.            RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE ISSUING BANKS
 
The Issuing Banks shall use the Platform or SWIFT as its primary communication channel with the Borrowers for handling L/Gs, subject
to the provisions for handling L/Gs as set out in the Facility Agreement. The Issuing Banks shall access the Platform upon receipt of email
notification that a new L/G request is available. Each Issuing Bank will use its best efforts to issue a new L/G or an amendment to an
existing L/G soonest from the receipt of notification from the Platform or SWIFT providing there is no clarification required on the
wording of the L/G. Once the L/G is legally issued an Issuing Bank shall promptly set the status of the L/G to “Issued” or send an issuance
confirmation message via SWIFT.
 
The Issuing Bank is obliged to notify the Platform Provider of any changes of its Commitments without unreasonable delay.
 
Furthermore an Issuing Bank shall ensure to release L/Gs promptly within the Platform or via SWIFT. Any delay of more than 5 Business
Days in releasing L/Gs which leads to a wrong fee calculation can be claimed by the Company from the respective Issuing Bank. For
auditing reason the Company may request a reconciliation between the Issuing Bank´s records and balances shown within the Platform.
 
Xxxxxxxxxxx Electronic Platform Agreement
 
4


[Page 192]
 
 
4.       REPRESENTATIONS
 
Each Party represents and warrants
(i)
that it has full capacity and ability to enter into this Agreement and fulfil its obligations hereunder; and
(ii)
that this Agreement and all performance there under is in compliance with laws and regulations applicable to that party.
 
5.       TERM AND TERMINATION
 
5.1.     This Agreement shall terminate
 
(a)
automatically and without special notice to any other Party in case any Party ceases being a party to the Facility Agreement (as
amended from time to time) and on the same date as it is released from its rights and obligations under the Facility Agreement;
or
 
(b)
on the date specified by either Party in a written notice to all other Parties that the respective Party wishes to terminate the
arrangements as set out in this Agreement. This date shall be not less than 60 days after the date of this notice.
 
5.2.     In case of termination of this Agreement under Clause 5.1 (a) above such termination shall only apply with respect to the Party
being released from the Facility Agreement.
 
5.3.     In case of termination of this Agreement under Clause 5.1(b) above termination shall be without prejudice to the obligations of any
Party under the Facility Agreement.
 
6.       ASSIGNMENT
 
The Borrowers may not assign its obligations under this Agreement without the prior written approval by the Issuing Banks.
 
Xxxxxxxxxxx Electronic Platform Agreement
 
5


[Page 193]
 
 
7.       NOTICES AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS
 
Any and all notices, statements, demands or other communications hereunder may be given by a party to the other to the addresses stated
below;
 
In case to the Issuing Banks:
 
[●]
Att.:
[●]
Tel.:
[●]
Email:
[●]
 
In case to the Company:
 
[●]
Att.:
[●]
Tel.:
[●]
Email:
[●]
 
In case to the Platform Provider:
 
[●]
Att.:
[●]
Tel.:
[●]
Email:
[●]
 
8.       LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
 
Clause 5.2 (b) (Utilisation) of the Facility Agreement shall apply mutatis mutandis to this Agreement.
 
9.       MISCELLANEOUS
 
9.1
Other provisions
 
Clauses 35 (Confidentiality), 39 (Governing law), 40 (Enforcement), 41 (waiver of jury trial) of the Facility Agreement shall apply mutatis
mutandis to this Agreement.
 
Xxxxxxxxxxx Electronic Platform Agreement
 
6


[Page 194]
 
 
9.2 Incorporation of additional agreements
 
Additional services may be agreed between the Parties through the execution of additional order forms, each of which shall be
incorporated into this Agreement by reference and shall be effective as of the date provided thereon.
 
9.3 Conflicts
 
In case of conflict between any provision set out in this Agreement and the terms set out in the Facility Agreement for handling L/Gs, the
terms of the Facility Agreement shall prevail over this Agreement.
 
10.    CONCLUSION OF THIS AGREEMENT (VERTRAGSSCHLUSS)
 
The Parties may choose to conclude this Agreement by an exchange of signed signature page(s), transmitted by any means of
telecommunication (telekommunikative Übermittlung) such as by way of fax or electronic photocopy.
 
If the Parties choose to conclude this Agreement pursuant this Clause 10, they will transmit the signed signature page(s) of this
Agreement to [ l ] (each a "Recipient"). The Agreement will be considered concluded once one Recipient has actually received the
signed signature page(s) (Zugang der Unterschriftsseite(n)) from all Parties (whether by way of fax, electronic photocopy or other means
of telecommunication) and at the time of the receipt of the last outstanding signature page(s) by one Recipient.
 
For the purposes of this Clause 10 only, the Parties appoint each Recipient as their attorney (Empfangsvertreter) and expressly allow
(gestatten) each Recipient to collect the signed signature page(s) from all and for all Parties. For the avoidance of doubt, each Recipient
will have no further duties connected with its position as Recipient. In particular, each Recipient may assume the conformity to the
authentic original(s) of the signature page(s) transmitted to it by means of telecommunication, the genuineness of all signatures on the
original signature page(s) and the signing authority of the signatories.
 
This Agreement has been entered into on the date stated at the beginning of this Agreement.
 
[Signature pages to be attached]
 
Xxxxxxxxxxx Electronic Platform Agreement
 
7


[Page 195]
 
 
SCHEDULE 14
LIST OF INITIAL MATERIAL SUBSIDIARIES
 
(as of 30 September 2022, subject to the changes expressly set out below)
 
Batesville Casket Company, Inc.* [SOLD 2 January 2023]
 
Batesville Services, Inc.* [SOLD 2 January 2023]
 
K-Tron Investment Co.*
 
Process Equipment Group, Inc.*
 
Xxxxxxxxxxx Luxembourg, Inc.*
 
Milacron Plastics Technologies Group LLC*
 
Milacron Marketing Company LLC*
 
Milacron LLC*
 
Xxxxxxxxxxx Switzerland GmbH
 
Coperion K-Tron (Schweiz) GmbH
 
Xxxxxxxxxxx Germany Holding GmbH
 
Coperion GmbH
 
Milacron India Private Limited
 
Milacron Investments B.V. [LIQUIDATED 3 November 2022]
 
Milacron B.V.
 
Mold Masters Luxembourg Holdings Sárl [LIQUIDATED 30 December 2022]
 
Mold Masters Luxembourg Acquisitions Sárl [LIQUIDATED 21 September 2022]
 
Mold Masters (2007) Limited
 
Mold Masters Hong Kong Acquisitions Limited
 
Mold Masters (Kunshan) Co. Ltd [RENAMED Mold-Masters Co. Ltd.]
 
Ferromatik Milacron GmbH
 
*Material Domestic Subsidiary
 
170


[Page 196]
 
 
SCHEDULE 15
FORM OF BANK GUARANTEE
 
Beneficiary: [ · ]
 
EUR 325,000,000 L/G Facility Agreement dated [●] between, amongst others, Xxxxxxxxxxx, Inc. as the company, Commerzbank
Aktiengesellschaft as arranger, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft as agent and certain other financial institutions as lenders and
as issuing banks (the "Facility Agreement")
 
We have been informed that you have issued the guarantees set out in Annex 1 hereto under the Facility Agreement (hereinafter the
"Guarantees"). These Guarantees shall be fully secured by this Counter Guarantee in your favour.
 
This being premised, we hereby open in your favour our irrevocable Counter Guarantee number (..) for an amount of (amount) (amount in
words) being our proportionate liability of (amount) of the Guarantees issued by you, available against your authenticated swift / tested
telex / written request received by registered mail or courier at our address set out below stating either (i) that you have duly issued your
Guarantee (setting out what type of guarantee you have issued referring to Annex 1) and that you have received a claim in accordance
with the terms of such Guarantee and specifying the amount claimed thereunder or (ii) that this Counter Guarantee will expire within 30
days of such authenticated swift / tested telex / written request, and the following (insert Guarantee details from Annex 1) remain
outstanding and no cash collateral or replacement counter guarantee satisfactory to you have been received by you, and specifying the
amount claimed thereunder.
 
This Counter Guarantee expires on (date) (the "Expiry Date").
 
This Counter Guarantee is personal to you and not assignable without our prior written consent.
 
The construction, validity and performance of this Counter Guarantee shall be governed by and construed in accordance with German law
and any dispute shall be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Frankfurt am Main courts in Germany.
 
In the event of a drawing under this Counter Guarantee our maximum aggregate liability is restricted to (amount) (amount in words).
 
We undertake to pay to you on your first authenticated swift / tested telex / written request received by registered mail or courier at our
address set out above any amount that you may claim not exceeding the maximum amount stated above provided that such demand is
made in accordance with the terms of this Counter Guarantee and is received before close of business (German CET time) on the Expiry
Date.
 
This Counter Guarantee shall be available for multiple drawings.
 
Special Conditions:
 
The stated amount of this Counter Guarantee shall also be reduced from time to time, upon receipt by Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft of
the following:
 
your statement (such statements to be delivered on a quarterly basis), purportedly signed by one of your authorised financial officers
reading as follows, on or prior to the Expiry Date hereof, stating therein the following:
 
The outstanding Guarantees no.(s) (supply relevant number(s) per attached Annex 1) issued by you or on your behalf for the
account of (name), has (have) expired (such that there is no further liability under such Guarantee) with an unused balance of
EUR/USD (supply amount), therefore
 
171


[Page 197]
 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft is instructed and authorized to reduce the stated amount of their Counter Guarantee number
(insert number) by such amount.
 
and/or
 
The outstanding Guarantees no.(s) (supply relevant number(s) per attached Annex 1) issued by you or on your behalf for the
account of (name), has (have) been returned to us for cancellation and has (have) been terminated by us with an unused balance
of EUR/USD (supply amount), therefore CommerzbankAktiengesellschaft is instructed and authorized to reduce the stated
amount of their Counter Guarantee number (insert number) by such amount.
 
and/or
 
The outstanding Guarantees no.(s) (supply relevant number(s) per attached Annex 1) issued by you or on your behalf for the
account of (name), has (have) been reduced by EUR/USD (supply amount), therefore Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft is
instructed and authorized to reduce the stated amount of their Counter Guarantee number (insert number) by such amount.
 
(BANK)
 
(address)
 
172


[Page 198]
 
 
EXHIBIT 1
 
To Counter Guarantee No
 
Secured Guarantees
 
Guarantee No.
 
Beneficiary
 
Currency
 
Guarantee Amount
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
173


[Page 199]
 
 
SCHEDULE 16
LIST OF EXISTING L/GS
 
174


[Page 200]
 
 
Bank short name 
Bank Ref. No.
 Applicant Name Nominal Currency Nominal Amount 
Beneficiary Name
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70360050001 Coperion GmbH  EUR
 
1,497,500.00 SolvaySpecialtyPolymers(Changshu)Co
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70360040001 Coperion GmbH  EUR
 
183,000.00 SOLVAY (CHINA) CO., LTD
COBA-DE
 SCOAV70492310001 Coperion GmbH  EUR
 
1,620,532.96 Cellforce Group GmbH
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70362180001 Coperion GmbH  EUR
 
193,570.00 Covestro NV
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70363680001 Coperion GmbH  EUR
 
592,000.00 Avient Espana S.L.U.
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70364710001 Coperion GmbH  EUR
 
167,796.60 UBS SWITZERLAND XX
XXXX-DE
 AZSAV70368110001 Coperion GmbH  EUR
 
84,327.90 AXENS SA Comptabilite
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70368960001 Coperion GmbH  EUR
 
1,355,415.00 INDAVER Plastics2Chemicals NV
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70369610001 Coperion GmbH  EUR
 
2,907,400.00 ZHEJIANG Petroleum and Chemical
COBA-DE
 SCOAV70525630001 Coperion GmbH  EUR
 
370,579.80 Karlsruher Institut fuer
COBA-DE
 SCOAV70523030001 Coperion GmbH  EUR
 
255,219.30 BYK-Chemie GmbH
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70370610001 Coperion GmbH  EUR
 
515,820.00 BENVIC SAS
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70318750001 
Coperion GmbH
(CGG)
 CHF
 
6,000.00 Xxxxxxxxx Eidgenossenschaft
COBA-DE
 FGSAV70011300001  
Coperion GmbH
(CGG)
 EUR
 
800,000.00 Xxxxxx Immobilien GmbH
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70276410001 
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
905,000.00 Tecnimont HQC S.c.a.r.l.
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70276420001 
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
2,270,000.00 Tecnimont HQC S.c.a.r.l.
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70338980001 
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
1,585,541.00 Qingdao Jinneng New
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70344090001 
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
5,347,083.33 Ningbo Kingfa Advanced Materials
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70362520001 
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
790,245.20 Liaoning Bora New Materials Co.,
COBA-DE
 SCOAV70443160001 
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
1,509,420.00 SINOPEC Europa GmbH
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70352070001 
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
10,548,570.00 Zhejiang Petroleum + Chem. Co., Ltd
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70355650001 Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
2,572,000.00 CHINA NATIONAL CHEMICAL
ENGINEERING
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70346450001 
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
499,000.00 Oriented-film Innovation
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70359410001 
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
405,408.00 Liaoning Bora New Materials Co.,
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70367860001 
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
436,331.00 Liaoning Bora New Materials Co.,
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70360830001 
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
119,600.30 HELLENIC Cables X.X.
XXXX-DE
 AZSAV70365070001 
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
16,704.00 Liaoning Bora New Materials Co.,
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70366270001 
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
689,038.80 Liaoning Bora New Materials Co.,
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70362590001 
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
1,227,500.00 Solvay Specialty Polymers Belgium
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70364470001 
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
751,000.00 PJSC Kazanorgsintez
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70364680001 
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
300,000.00 HELLENIC Petroleum X.X.
XXXX-DE
 AZSAV70365280001 
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
135,000.00 HELLENIC PETROLEUM X.X.
XXXX-DE
 AZSAV70365330001 
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
111,339.60 Secunda Operations a division of
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70367870001 
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
664,242.60 Liaoning Bora New Materials Co.,
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70367880001 Coperion GmbH  EUR
 
646,573.40 Liaoning Bora New Materials Co.,


[Page 201]
(CST)
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70280750001 
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
15,656.50 Arkema Chemicals India Pvt Ltd.
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70312700001 
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
75,592.00 Reliance Industries Limited
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70315790001 
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
42,209.30 Reliance Industries Limited
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70321060001 
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
11,790.70 Reliance Industries Limited
COBA-DE
 FGSAV70020450001 
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
20,000.00 Hauptzollamt Stuttgart
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70366590001 
Coperion GmbH
(CST),
 USD
 
264,000.00 XXXX (INDIA) Limited
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70367100001 
Coperion GmbH
(CST),
 USD
 
250,000.00 China Petrochemical International
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70333130001 
Coperion GmbH
(CWG)
 EUR
 
62,168.00 CB and I, LLC
COBA-DE
 SCOAV70316280001 
Coperion GmbH
(CWG)
 EUR
 
32,407.87 BOKELA GmbH
COBA-DE
 SCOAV70336660001 
Coperion GmbH
(CWG)
 EUR
 
24,157.00 KDH Humboldt Wedag GmbH
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70335600001 
Coperion GmbH
(CWG)
 EUR
 
16,668.00 CB and I, LLC
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70336640001 
Coperion GmbH
(CWG)
 EUR
 
251,000.00 Zhejiang Dushan Energy Co. Ltd.
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70337140001 
Coperion GmbH
(CWG)
 EUR
 
4,491,598.00 CB and I, LLC
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70337070001 
Coperion GmbH
(CWG)
 EUR
 
346,771.00 Repsol Quimica X. X.
XXXX-DE
 AZSAV70346380001 
Coperion GmbH
(CWG)
 EUR
 
28,296.20 Shanghai Bloom Technology Inc.
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70343080001 
Coperion GmbH
(CWG)
 EUR
 
27,101.85 Shanghai Bloom Technology Inc.
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70349890001 
Coperion GmbH
(CWG)
 EUR
 
28,528.40 Shanghai Bloom Technology Inc.
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70350730001 
Coperion GmbH
(CWG)
 EUR
 
4,955,660.00 Zhejiang Petroleum and Chemical
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70349880001 
Coperion GmbH
(CWG)
 EUR
 
18,481.45 Shanghai Bloom Technology Inc.
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70346400001 
Coperion GmbH
(CWG)
 EUR
 
35,807.70 Shanghai Bloom Technology Inc.
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70346390001 
Coperion GmbH
(CWG)
 EUR
 
1,229.05 Shanghai Bloom Technology Inc.
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70346950001 
Coperion GmbH
(CWG)
 EUR
 
25,500.00 Sumec International Technology
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70347260001 
Coperion GmbH
(CWG)
 EUR
 
5,000.00 KPMG Legal ehf.
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70348570001 
Coperion GmbH
(CWG)
 EUR
 
2,627.15 Shanghai Bloom Technology Inc.
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70348590001 
Coperion GmbH
(CWG)
 EUR
 
1,405.60 Shanghai Bloom Technology Inc.
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70348580001 
Coperion GmbH
(CWG)
 EUR
 
16,259.55 Shanghai Bloom Technology Inc.
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70348690001 
Coperion GmbH
(CWG)
 EUR
 
27,200.00 Xxxxxx Protech Inc.
 
 


[Page 202]
 
 
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70349340001 Coperion GmbH (CWG)
 EUR
 
13,500.00 Xxxxxx Protech Inc.
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70349330001 Coperion GmbH (CWG)
 EUR
 
22,000.00 Xxxxxx Protech Inc.
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70349350001 Coperion GmbH (CWG)
 EUR
 
5,860.00 Xxxxxx Protech Inc.
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70349310001 Coperion GmbH (CWG)
 EUR
 
12,566.85 Shanghai Bloom Technology Inc.
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70349300001 Coperion GmbH (CWG)
 EUR
 
5,665.80 Shanghai Bloom Technology Inc.
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70350050001 Coperion GmbH (CWG)
 EUR
 
669.50 Shanghai Bloom Technology Inc.
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70350040001 Coperion GmbH (CWG)
 EUR
 
4,782.75 Shanghai Bloom Technology Inc.
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70350740001 Coperion GmbH (CWG)
 EUR
 3,916,600.00 Zhejiang Petroleum and Chemical
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70350940001 Coperion GmbH (CWG)
 EUR
 
443,830.00 Samsung Engineering Co. Ltd.,
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70350930001 Coperion GmbH (CWG)
 EUR
 
316,565.00 Samsung Engineering Co. Ltd.,
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70351640001 Coperion GmbH (CWG)
 EUR
 
62,281.25 Shanghai Bloom Technology Inc.
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70354880001 Coperion GmbH (CWG)
 EUR
 1,259,725.00 Zhejiang Petroleum and Chemical
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70355840001 Coperion GmbH (CWG)
 EUR
 
630,000.00 Tecnicas Reunidas X.X.
XXXX-DE
 AZSAV70355890001 Coperion GmbH (CWG)
 EUR
 
315,000.00 Tecnicas Reunidas X.X.
XXXX-DE
 AZSAV70355850001 Coperion GmbH (CWG)
 EUR
 
108,000.00 Tecnicas Reunidas X.X.
XXXX-DE
 AZSAV70355870001 Coperion GmbH (CWG)
 EUR
 
54,000.00 Tecnicas Reunidas X.X.
XXXX-DE
 AZSAV70359340001 Coperion GmbH (CWG)
 EUR
 
315,000.00 Tecnicas Reunidas X.X.
XXXX-DE
 AZSAV70365080001 Coperion GmbH (CWG)
 EUR
 
315,000.00 Tecnicas Reunidas X.X.
XXXX-DE
 AZSAV70359360001 Coperion GmbH (CWG)
 EUR
 
54,000.00 Tecnicas Reunidas X.X.
XXXX-DE
 AZSAV70365090001 Coperion GmbH (CWG)
 EUR
 
54,000.00 Tecnicas Reunidas X.X.
XXXX-DE
 SCOAV70480950001 Coperion GmbH (CWG)
 EUR
 
18,971.34 Xxxxxxxx Xxxxxx Projects GmbH
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70361770001 Coperion GmbH (CWG)
 EUR
 
70,557.90 PJSC Kazanorgsintez
COBA-DE
 SCOAV70492260001 Coperion GmbH (CWG)
 EUR
 
148,750.00 
Koemmerling Chemische Fabrik
GmbH
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70368480001 Coperion GmbH (CWG)
 EUR
 4,741,802.00 Zhejiang Petroleum and Chemical
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70369560001 Coperion GmbH (CWG)
 EUR
 
30,000.00 Brilen Tech, XX
XXXX-DE
 AZSAV70275790001 Coperion GmbH (CWG)
 EUR
 
864,300.00 Tecnimont HQC S.c.a.r.l.
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70359400001 Coperion S.r.l.
 EUR
 
314,610.00 United Surface Solutions LLC
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70368430001 Coperion S.r.l.
 EUR
 
69,600.00 Bahrain Pipes B.S.C.
COBA-DE
 SCOAV70393150001 Ferromatik Milacron GmbH  EUR
 
11,250.00 Volkswagen Leasing
COBA-DE
 SCOAV70393250001 Ferromatik Milacron GmbH  EUR
 
11,250.00 Volkswagen Leasing
COBA-DE
 SCOAV70393280001 Ferromatik Milacron GmbH  EUR
 
11,250.00 Volkswagen Leasing
COBA-DE
 SCOAV70393290001 Ferromatik Milacron GmbH  EUR
 
11,250.00 Volkswagen Leasing
COBA-DE
 SCOAV70393190001 Ferromatik Milacron GmbH  EUR
 
11,250.00 Volkswagen Leasing
COBA-DE
 SCOAV70429340001 Ferromatik Milacron GmbH  EUR
 
29,000.00 Gebrüder S p o h n GmbH
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70367260001 Ferromatik Milacron GmbH  EUR
 
175,938.00 Xxxxxxx SpA
COBA-DE
 SCOAV70440630001 Mold-Masters Europe GmbH EUR
 
120,000.00 GbR Baden-Baden
COBA-DE
 AZSAV70356840001 VSI International NV
 EUR
 
335,933.51 Openbare Afvalstoffenmaatschappij
HSBC-DE
 GDAPG2102925
 Coperion GmbH
 EUR
 
46,270.43 BASF Performance Polymers GmbH
HSBC-DE
 GFAPG2102778
 Coperion GmbH
 EUR
 
293,357.80 
Compoundmaster Gulf (TOSAF
Group)
HSBC-DE
 GFAPG2102651
 Coperion GmbH
 EUR
 
428,884.40 KUMHO Polychemical Co. Ltd.
HSBC-DE
 GFAPG2200048
 Coperion GmbH
 EUR
 7,391,480.40 SUMEC International Technology
HSBC-DE
 GDAPG2200052
 Coperion GmbH
 EUR
 
135,303.00 BASF Performance Polymers GmbH
HSBC-DE
 GDAPG2200861
 Coperion GmbH
 EUR
 
61,603.78 BASF Polyurethanes GmbH
HSBC-DE
 GDAPG2200879
 Coperion GmbH
 EUR
 
46,680.20 BASF Schwarzheide GmbH
HSBC-DE
 GFPEB2201179
 Coperion GmbH
 EUR
 
9,600.00 
LUBRIZOL LZ Spec Chems Mfg Co
Ltd
HSBC-DE
 GFPEB2201178
 Coperion GmbH
 EUR
 
59,040.00 
LUBRIZOL LZ Spec Chems Mfg Co
Ltd
HSBC-DE
 GDAPG2201207
 Coperion GmbH
 EUR
 
86,394.00 BASF Schwarzheide GmbH
HSBC-DE
 GFPEB2001840
 Coperion GmbH (CST)
 EUR
 
381,602.91 Qatar Chemical Company Ltd.
HSBC-DE
 GFPEB2001841
 Coperion GmbH (CST)
 EUR
 
244,627.97 Qatar Chemical Company Ltd.
HSBC-DE
 GFPEB2001842
 Coperion GmbH (CST)
 EUR
 
49,722.99 Qatar Chemical Company Ltd.
HSBC-DE
 GFREB1902519
 Coperion GmbH (CST)
 EUR
 
187,500.00 Borealis Polymers Oy
HSBC-DE
 GFREB2101449
 Coperion GmbH (CST)
 EUR
 
129,000.00 Taizhou Hengchuan New Energy
HSBC-DE
 GFAPG2102306
 Coperion GmbH (CST)
 EUR
 5,834,000.00 Jinneng Chemical(Qingdao)Co.,Ltd.
HSBC-DE
 GDAPG2102864
 Coperion GmbH (CST)
 EUR
 
49,980.00 TRINSEO Deutschland


[Page 203]
HSBC-DE
 GFAPG2200202
 Coperion GmbH (CST)
 EUR
 2,200,000.00 TECHNIP India Limited
HSBC-DE
 GDREB2000803
 Coperion GmbH (CWG)
 EUR
 
16,809.46 ThyssenKrupp Industrial Solutions
HSBC-DE
 GDREB2000805
 Coperion GmbH (CWG)
 EUR
 
8,290.25 ThyssenKrupp Industrial Solutions
HSBC-DE
 GDREB2001652
 Coperion GmbH (CWG)
 EUR
 
17,110.00 Akzenta Paneele und Profile GmbH
HSBC-DE
 GFREB2002660
 Coperion GmbH (CWG)
 EUR
 
274,050.00 Hanwha Engineering and
HSBC-DE
 GFREB2002658
 Coperion GmbH (CWG)
 EUR
 
108,350.00 Hanwha Solutions Corporation
HSBC-DE
 GDREB2002726
 Coperion GmbH (CWG)
 EUR
 
21,402.00 Akzenta Paneele und Profile GmbH
HSBC-DE
 GFPEB2100863
 Coperion GmbH (CWG)
 EUR
 
229,000.00 CHEMINVEST s.r.o.
HSBC-DE
 GFPEB1802642
 Rotex Europe Ltd.
 USD
 
455,672.00 Mitsubishi Heavy Industries
HSBC-DE
 GFPEB2000723
 Rotex Europe Ltd.
 EUR
 
72,832.50 JESA SA
HSBC-DE
 GFPEB2000724
 Rotex Europe Ltd.
 EUR
 
72,832.50 JESA SA
 
 


[Page 204]
 
 
HSBC-DE
 GFPEB2000725
 Rotex Europe Ltd.  EUR
 
72,832.50 
JESA SA
HSBC-DE
 GFPEB2001167
 Rotex Europe Ltd.  EUR
 
2,430.00 
FIVES SOLIOS
HSBC-DE
 GFREB2000378
 Rotex Europe Ltd.  EUR
 
189,500.00 
ThyssenKrupp Industrial Solutions
HSBC-DE
 GFREB2001723
 Rotex Europe Ltd.  USD
 
16,114.20 
Bunge Ukraine
HSBC-DE
 GFPEB2002172
 Rotex Europe Ltd.  EUR
 
2,430.00 
FIVES SOLIOS
HSBC-DE
 GFREB2002199
 Rotex Europe Ltd.  EUR
 
64,939.00 
ThyssenKrupp Industrial Solutions
HSBC-DE
 GFREB2002285
 Rotex Europe Ltd.  EUR
 
15,252.90 
Vapo Oy
HSBC-DE
 GFREB2002175
 Rotex Europe Ltd.  EUR
 
4,745.00 
Tksm Biala Gora Sp Z.O.O.
HSBC-DE
 GFPEB2002257
 Rotex Europe Ltd.  EUR
 
9,858.50 
ADISSEO ESPANA S.A.
HSBC-DE
 GFREB2102044
 Rotex Europe Ltd.  EUR
 
126,751.30 
Tecnimont SpA
HSBC-DE
 GFREB2100051
 Rotex Europe Ltd.  EUR
 
34,588.00 
Xxxxx Xxxxxxxx Mrs.
HSBC-DE
 GFPEB2101503
 Rotex Europe Ltd.  EUR
 
6,298.00 
Cornille
HSBC-DE
 GFREB2101758
 Rotex Europe Ltd.  EUR
 
7,400.00 
Xxxx Inventa Xxxxxxx XX
HSBC-DE
 GFAPG2102234
 Rotex Europe Ltd.  EUR
 
204,150.00 
PJSC ACRON
HSBC-DE
 GFAPG2103131
 Rotex Europe Ltd.  EUR
 
204,150.00 
PJSC ACRON
HSBC-DE
 GFPEB2102518
 Rotex Europe Ltd.  EUR
 
44,220.80 
UTE POTASAS
HSBC-DE
 GFPEB2103139
 Rotex Europe Ltd.  USD
 
29,500.00 
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries
HSBC-DE
 GFPEB2103140
 Rotex Europe Ltd.  USD
 
83,000.00 
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries
HSBC-DE
 GFAPG2102596
 Rotex Europe Ltd.  EUR
 
26,506.80 
XX.Xxxxx Bear Resources Indonesia
HSBC-DE
 GFCGA2102886
 Rotex Europe Ltd.  GBP
 
200,000.00 
HM Revenue and Customs
HSBC-DE
 GFPEB2103114
 Rotex Europe Ltd.  EUR
 
42,000.00 
Minerali Industriali Engineering
HSBC-DE
 GFAPG2200043
 Rotex Europe Ltd.  EUR
 
20,370.00 
Azot JSC
HSBC-DE
 GFAPG2103146
 Rotex Europe Ltd.  EUR
 
64,500.00 
SNP Handels- und
HSBC-DE
 GFAPG2200114
 Rotex Europe Ltd.  EUR
 
15,997.80 
Xxxxxxxx Industries S.A.U
HSBC-DE
 GFAPG2200129
 Rotex Europe Ltd.  USD
 
400,000.00 
Dead Sea Works Limited
HSBC-DE
 GFPEB2200287
 Rotex Europe Ltd.  EUR
 
78,800.00 
Xxxxx ZRT
HSBC-DE
 GFAPG2200957
 Rotex Europe Ltd.  EUR
 
47,918.40 
Azomures S.A
HSBC-DE
 GFAPG2201222
 Rotex Europe Ltd.  EUR
 
14,140.50 
Xxxxxxxx Industries S.A.U
HSBC-DE
 GFREB1800183
 Rotex Europe Ltd.  EUR
 
57,928.50 
INTECSA INDUSTRIAL
SEB-DE
 OGT3384DEU
 Coperion GmbH
 EUR
 
187,353.60 
TECH. UNIVERSITAT BRAUNSCHWEIG
SEB-DE
 FF5001DG21138081 Coperion GmbH
 EUR
 
102,513.31 
Suedpack Verpackungen GmbH und Co.
SEB-DE
 OGT1954DEU
 Coperion GmbH
 EUR
 
58,857.40 
AbbVie Deutschland GmbH & Co. KG
SEB-DE
 OGT2420DEU
 Coperion GmbH
 EUR
 
103,600.00 
X. Xxxxxxxxx Plastics S.A.S.
SEB-DE
 OGT2643DEU
 Coperion GmbH
 EUR
 
39,994.32 
X.Xxxxxxxx Thermoplastic Compounds
SEB-DE
 OGT2984DEU
 Coperion GmbH
 EUR
 1,815,000.00 
Xxxx-Plastic GmbH
SEB-DE
 OGT3040DEU
 Coperion GmbH
 EUR
 
40,355.28 
AbbVie Deutschland GmbH & Co. KG
SEB-DE
 OGT3093DEU
 Coperion GmbH
 EUR
 
95,676.00 
BYK Chemie GmbH,
SEB-DE
 OGT3474DEU
 Coperion GmbH
 EUR
 
18,391.21 
Xxxxxxx & Xxxxxx GmbH & Xx.XX
SEB-DE
 OGT3475DEU
 Coperion GmbH
 EUR
 
38,020.50 
Xxxxxxx Maschinenbau GmbH
SEB-DE
 OGT3733DEU
 Coperion GmbH
 EUR
 
301,665.00 
MASCHINENFABRIK XXXXXX
XXXXXX
SEB-DE
 FF5001VG20908637 
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
105,487.20 
Borealis Polyolefine GmbH
SEB-DE
 OGT1886DEU
 
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
159,934.00 
Silva Green Fuel DA
SEB-DE
 FF5001VG21908702 
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
46,660.00 
Repsol Quimica S.A.
SEB-DE
 FF5001DG21137745 
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 6,176,242.80 
Xxxxxxxxx Maschinenbau GmbH and
SEB-DE
 FF5001DG113781
 
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 1,243,431.00 
Xxxxxxxxx Maschinenbau GmbH and
SEB-DE
 OGT2055DEU
 
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
433,501.20 
NGK Ceramics Europe S.A.
SEB-DE
 OGT2421DEU
 
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
50,400.00 
Repsol Quimica S. A.
SEB-DE
 OGT2428DEU
 
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
247,996.00 
Borealis Polymere GmbH
SEB-DE
 OGT2003DEU
 Coperion GmbH
 EUR
 
76,219.50 
Xxxxxxxx Dornier GmbH


[Page 205]
(CST)
SEB-DE
 OGT2041DEU
 
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
57,120.00 
Xxxxxxxxx Maschinenbau GmbH and
SEB-DE
 OGT2256DEU
 
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
105,672.00 
Xxxxxxxxx Maschinenbau GmbH and
SEB-DE
 OGT2255DEU
 
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
105,672.00 
Xxxxxxxxx Maschinenbau GmbH and
SEB-DE
 OGT2257DEU
 
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
105,672.00 
Xxxxxxxxx Maschinenbau GmbH and
 
 


[Page 206]
 
 
SEB-DE
 OGT2565DEU
 
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
109,200.00 
TIGER Coatings GmbH & Co. KG
SEB-DE
 OGT2695DEU
 
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
290,955.00 
Xxxxxxxxx Maschinenbau GmbH and
SEB-DE
 OGT2694DEU
 
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
290,955.00 
Xxxxxxxxx Maschinenbau GmbH and
SEB-DE
 OGT2817DEU
 
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
115,739.40 
DITF Deutsche Institute fuer
SEB-DE
 OGT2848DEU
 
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
137,587.80 
Xxxxxxxxx Maschinenbau GmbH and
SEB-DE
 OGT2850DEU
 
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
137,587.80 
Xxxxxxxxx Maschinenbau GmbH and
SEB-DE
 OGT2849DEU
 
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
137,587.80 
Xxxxxxxxx Maschinenbau GmbH and
SEB-DE
 OGT2852DEU
 
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
137,587.80 
Xxxxxxxxx Maschinenbau GmbH and
SEB-DE
 OGT2856DEU
 
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
28,560.00 
Xxxxxxxxx Maschinenbau GmbH and
SEB-DE
 OGT3067DEU
 
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
285,600.00 
Corning GmbH
SEB-DE
 OGT3123DEU
 
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
93,355.50 
Xxxxxxxxx Maschinenbau GmbH and
SEB-DE
 OGT3153DEU
 
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
238,833.00 
Xxxxxxxx Dornier GmbH
SEB-DE
 OGT2860DEU
 
Coperion GmbH
(CST),
 EUR
 
168,700.00 
EREMA Engineering Recycling
SEB-DE
 OGT2859DEU
 
Coperion GmbH
(CST),
 EUR
 
168,700.00 
EREMA Engineering Recycling
SEB-DE
 FF5001DG20136046 
Coperion GmbH
(CWG)
 EUR
 
23,740.50 
Xxxxxx Zement GmbH and Co. KG
SEB-DE
 FF5001DG20136249 
Coperion GmbH
(CWG)
 EUR
 
10,189.73 
Endeco GmbH
SEB-DE
 FF5001DG18132123 
Coperion GmbH
(CWG)
 EUR
 
11,900.00 
ThyssenKrupp Industrial Solutions
SEB-DE
 FF5001VG19908053 
Coperion GmbH
(CWG)
 EUR
 
1,563,184.50 
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries
SEB-DE
 FF5001DG20136402 
Coperion GmbH
(CWG)
 EUR
 
4,600.00 
Xxxxxxx GmbH Verfahrenstechnik
SEB-DE
 OGT1376DEU
 
Coperion GmbH
(CWG)
 EUR
 
11,116.86 
Andritz Fliessbett Systeme GmbH
SEB-DE
 OGT1373DEU
 
Coperion GmbH
(CWG)
 EUR
 
10,736.06 
Andritz Fliessbett Systeme GmbH
SEB-DE
 FF5001VG21908734 
Coperion GmbH
(CWG)
 EUR
 
1,028,820.00 
Sinopec Engineering Incorporation
SEB-DE
 FF5001DG21137922 
Coperion GmbH
(CWG)
 EUR
 
14,000.00 
Xxxxxxx GmbH Verfahrenstechnik
SEB-DE
 FF5001VG21908907 
Coperion GmbH
(CWG)
 EUR
 
173,344.10 
Borealis Antwerpen NV
SEB-DE
 FF5001DG21138015 
Coperion GmbH
(CWG)
 EUR
 
6,759.91 
Xxxxxxxx Anlagen und Umwelttechnik
SEB-DE
 OGT1882DEU
 
Coperion GmbH
(CWG)
 EUR
 
77,639.17 
BOKELA GmbH
SEB-DE
 OGT1875DEU
 
Coperion GmbH
(CWG)
 EUR
 
1,144,200.00 
FORMOSA Chemicals Industries
SEB-DE
 OGT1876DEU
 
Coperion GmbH
(CWG)
 EUR
 
1,144,200.00 
FORMOSA Chemicals Industries
SEB-DE
 OGT1893DEU
 
Coperion GmbH
(CWG)
 EUR
 
128,520.00 
SE Tylose GmbH & Co. KG


[Page 207]
SEB-DE
 OGT2258DEU
 Coperion GmbH
(CWG)
 EUR
 
3,745.98 
Andritz Fliessbett Systeme GmbH
SEB-DE
 OGT2362DEU
 
Coperion GmbH
(CWG)
 EUR
 
62,631.60 
Borealis Antwerpen NV
SEB-DE
 OGT2452DEU
 
Coperion GmbH
(CWG)
 EUR
 
10,996.79 
Andritz Fliessbett Systeme GmbH
SEB-DE
 OGT2894DEU
 
Coperion GmbH
(CWG)
 EUR
 
24,829.35 
Andritz Fliessbett Systeme GmbH
SEB-DE
 OGT3021DEU
 
Coperion GmbH
(CWG)
 EUR
 
14,970.00 
SASA Polyester SAN. A.S.
SEB-DE
 OGT3179DEU
 
Coperion GmbH
(CWG)
 EUR
 
81,250.00 
Borealis Antwerpen NV
SEB-DE
 OGT3239DEU
 
Coperion GmbH
(CWG)
 EUR
 
17,465.40 
SWISS KRONO SAS
SEB-DE
 OGT3330DEU
 
Coperion GmbH
(CWG)
 EUR
 
27,720.00 
S.C. Azomures S.A.
SEB-DE
 OGT3340DEU
 
Coperion GmbH
(CWG)
 EUR
 
77,639.17 
BOKELA GmbH
SEB-DE
 OGT3465DEU
 
Coperion GmbH
(CWG)
 EUR
 
44,671.80 
Radar Process, S.L.
SEB-DE
 OGT3501DEU
 
Coperion GmbH
(CWG)
 EUR
 
3,450.00 
Petlas Lastik Xxx.xx Tic. A.S.
SEB-DE
 OGT3682DEU
 
Coperion GmbH
(CWG)
 EUR
 
20,825.00 
THYSSENKRUPP INDUSTRIAL
SEB-DE
 OGT3892DEU
 
Coperion GmbH
(CWG)
 EUR
 
93,277.20 
AMMAG GmbH Schuettguttechnik
SEB-DE
 OGT3901DEU
 
Coperion GmbH
(CWG)
 EUR
 
27,083.10 
AMMAG GMBH
SHUETTGUTTECHNIK
SEB-DE
 OGT2432DEU
 Rotex Europe Ltd.
 USD
 
108,974.90 
Arab Potash Co Plc
SMBC-DE
 8804 759313
 Coperion GmbH
 EUR
 11,348,570.00 
ZHEJIANG Petroleum & Chemical Co.,
SMBC-DE
 8804 759207
 Coperion GmbH
 EUR
 
1,596,000.00 
Zhangzhou CHIMEI Chemical Co., Ltd.
SMBC-DE
 8804759573
 Coperion GmbH
 EUR
 
100,363.20 
Akzo Nobel Performance Coatings
SMBC-DE
 8804758290
 
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
14,800.00 
Covestro (Thailand) Co. Ltd.
SMBC-DE
 8804759256
 
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
260,370.00 
Akzo Nobel Xxxxx Xxxxx Coatings
SMBC-DE
 8804 759501
 
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
1,635,000.00 
FAR EASTERN Ishizuka Green PET Co.
DZBA-DE
 GENOGA34028SB  
Coperion GmbH
(CST),
 EUR
 
1,773,026.40 
SK Engineering and Construction
 
 


[Page 208]
 
 
DZBA-DE
 GENOGA34559SB  
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
1,540,000.00 
FUJIAN Xxxxx Xxxx Petrochemical
DZBA-DE
 GENOGA34441SB  
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
3,253,800.00 
Ningxia Baofeng Energy Group Co.
DZBA-DE
 GENOGA34440SB  
Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 27,469,940.40 
Inner Mongolia Baofeng Coal Based
DZBA-DE
 GENOGA34880SB  Coperion GmbH
(CST)
 EUR
 
2,159,400.00 
CHINA PETROLEUM MATERIALS
COMPANY
 
 


[Page 209]
 
 
SCHEDULE 17
LIST OF EXISTING FINANCIAL INDEBTEDNESS AND EXISTING SECURITY
 
Indenture
 
Description
 
Senior Unsecured Notes, issued pursuant to the Indenture between Xxxxxxxxxxx, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee,
dated as of July 9, 2010, and that certain Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 10, 2013, by and among Xxxxxxxxxxx, Inc, the
Guarantors party thereto, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, and that certain Supplemental Indenture No. 2, dated as of
April 16, 2016, by and among Xxxxxxxxxxx, Inc., the Guarantors party thereto, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, and that
certain Supplemental Indenture No. 3, dated as of September 25, 2019, by and among Xxxxxxxxxxx, Inc., the Guarantors party thereto,
and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, and that certain Supplemental Indenture No. 4, dated as of June 16, 2020, by and among
Xxxxxxxxxxx, Inc., the Guarantors party thereto, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, and that certain Supplemental Indenture
No. 5, dated as of December 15, 2020, by and among Xxxxxxxxxxx, Inc., the Guarantors party thereto, and U.S. Bank National
Association, as trustee, and that certain Supplemental Indenture No. 6, dated as of December 15, 2020, by and among Xxxxxxxxxxx, Inc.,
the Guarantors party thereto, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, and that certain Supplemental Indenture No. 7, dated as of
March 31, 2021, by and among Xxxxxxxxxxx, Inc., the Guarantors party thereto, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee.
 
Interest Rate   
Maturity
 
Amount
 
 
5.75% June 15, 2025
 $
400,000,000 
 
4.5% September 15, 2026
 $
375,000,000 
 
3.75% March 1, 2031
 $
350,000,000 
 
Other Agreements:
 
The Series A Senior Notes up to a maximum principal amount of $200,000,000 and related indebtedness issued pursuant to that certain
Private Shelf Agreement dated as of December 6, 2012, by and among Xxxxxxxxxxx, Inc. and PGIM, Inc. (f/k/a Prudential Investment
Management, Inc.), as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, including the
$100,000,000 4.6% Series A Senior Notes issued December 15, 2014 thereunder.
 
Indebtedness incurred from time to time pursuant to the Existing US Facility Agreement, as amended, restated, amended and restated,
supplemented or otherwise modified.
 
The Credit Facilities of Milacron India Private Limited with HDFC Bank in an aggregate principal amount of 520 million Rupees, secured
by a hypothecation charge on stock and book debts of Ahmedabad Unit only (excluding stock and book debts of Mold Master Division)
and a charge on plant and Machinery of Ahmedabad Unit only (excluding Assets of Mold Master Division).
 
Existing Security:
 
The Liens securing the Credit Facilities of Milacron India Private Limited, as further described above.
 
As of May 31, 2022, Milacron India Private Limited, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Xxxxxxxxxxx, Inc., had approximately USD
$1,025,873 of restricted cash, representing aggregate customer deposits, on deposit with HSBC Bank.
 
175


[Page 210]
 
 
SIGNATURES
 
[Intentionally deleted]
 
[Xxxxxxxxxxx – L/G Facility – Signature page]
 
 


[Page 211]
 
 
SIGNATURES
 
THE COMPANY
 
Xxxxxxxxxxx, Inc.
 
 
/s/ Xxxxxxxx X. Xxxxxx, Xx.
 
 
 
 
By:
Xxxxxxxx X. Xxxxxx, Xx.
 
 
 
 
Title:
Vice President and Treasurer
 
 
 
 
Address:
Xxx Xxxxxxxxxx Xxxxxxxxx
 
 
Batesville, Indiana 47006
 
 
 
THE BORROWERS
 
Xxxxxxxxxxx, Inc.
 
 
/s/ Xxxxxxxx X. Xxxxxx, Xx.
 
 
 
 
By:
Xxxxxxxx X. Xxxxxx, Xx.
 
 
 
 
Title:
Vice President and Treasurer
 
 
 
 
Address:
Xxx Xxxxxxxxxx Xxxxxxxxx
 
 
Batesville, Indiana 47006
 
 
 
Coperion GmbH
 
 
/s/ Xxxxxx Xxxxxx
 
 
/s/ Xxxxxx Xxxxxx
 
 
 
 
 
By:
Xxxxxx Xxxxxx
 
By:
Xxxxxx Xxxxxx
 
 
 
 
 
Title:
Managing Director
 
Title:
Managing Director
 
 
 
 
 
Address:
Xxxxxxxxxxxxx 00,
 
Address:
Xxxxxxxxxxxxx 00,
 
70469 Stuttgart
 
 
70469 Stuttgart
 
[Xxxxxxxxxxx - Signature Page to Amendment Agreement]
 
 


[Page 212]
 
 
Coperion K-Tron (Schweiz) GmbH
 
 
/s/ Xxxxxxxx X. Xxxxxx, Xx.
 
 
 
 
By:
Xxxxxxxx X. Xxxxxx, Xx.
 
 
 
 
Title:
Authorized Signatory
 
 
 
 
Address:
Xxxxxxxxxxx 00/00
 
 
CH-5702 Niederlenz, Switzerland
 
 
 
Rotex Europe Ltd.
 
 
/s/ Xxxxx Xxxxx Xxxxxxxx
 
 
 
 
By:
Xxxxx Xxxxx Xxxxxxxx
 
 
 
 
Title:
Director
 
 
 
 
Address:
Archway House, Station Road, 
Chester, England, CH1 3DR
 
 
 
THE GUARANTORS
 
Xxxxxxxxxxx, Inc.
 
 
/s/ Xxxxxxxx X. Xxxxxx, Xx.
 
 
 
 
By:
Xxxxxxxx X. Xxxxxx, Xx.
 
 
 
 
Title:
Vice President and Treasurer
 
 
 
 
Address:
Xxx Xxxxxxxxxx Xxxxxxxxx
 
 
Batesville, Indiana 47006
 
 
[Xxxxxxxxxxx - Signature Page to Amendment Agreement]
 
 


[Page 213]
 
 
Process Equipment Group, Inc.
 
 
/s/ Xxxxxxxx X. Xxxxxx, Xx.
 
 
 
 
By:
Xxxxxxxx X. Xxxxxx, Xx.
 
 
 
 
Title:
Treasurer
 
 
 
 
Address:
Xxx Xxxxxxxxxx Xxxxxxxxx
 
 
Batesville, Indiana 47006
 
 
 
K-Tron Investment Co.
 
 
/s/ Xxxxxxxx X. Xxxxxx, Xx.
 
 
 
 
By:
Xxxxxxxx X. Xxxxxx, Xx.
 
 
 
 
Title:
Vice President and Assistant Treasurer
 
 
 
 
Address:
Xxx Xxxxxxxxxx Xxxxxxxxx
 
 
Batesville, Indiana 47006
 
 
 
Xxxxxxxxxxx Luxembourg Inc.
 
 
/s/ Xxxxxxxx X. Xxxxxx, Xx.
 
 
 
 
By:
Xxxxxxxx X. Xxxxxx, Xx.
 
 
 
 
Title:
Treasurer
 
 
 
 
Address:
Xxx Xxxxxxxxxx Xxxxxxxxx
 
 
Batesville, Indiana 47006
 
 
[Xxxxxxxxxxx - Signature Page to Amendment Agreement]
 
 


[Page 214]
 
 
Milacron Plastics Technologies Group LLC
 
 
/s/ Xxxxxxxx X. Xxxxxx, Xx.
 
 
 
 
By:
Xxxxxxxx X. Xxxxxx, Xx.
 
 
 
 
Title:
Treasurer
 
 
 
 
Address:
Xxx Xxxxxxxxxx Xxxxxxxxx
 
 
Batesville, Indiana 47006
 
 
 
Milacron Marketing Company LLC
 
 
/s/ Xxxxxxxx X. Xxxxxx, Xx.
 
 
 
 
By:
Xxxxxxxx X. Xxxxxx, Xx.
 
 
 
 
Title:
Treasurer
 
 
 
 
Address:
Xxx Xxxxxxxxxx Xxxxxxxxx
 
 
Batesville, Indiana 47006
 
 
 
Milacron LLC
 
 
/s/ Xxxxxxxx X. Xxxxxx, Xx.
 
 
 
 
By:
Xxxxxxxx X. Xxxxxx, Xx.
 
 
 
 
Title:
Treasurer
 
 
 
 
Address:
Xxx Xxxxxxxxxx Xxxxxxxxx
 
 
Batesville, Indiana 47006
 
 
[Xxxxxxxxxxx - Signature Page to Amendment Agreement]
 
 


[Page 215]
 
 
THE AGENT
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft
 
By:
/s/ Xxxxx-Xxxxxxx Xxxxxx
 
/s/ Xxxxxx Xxxxxx
 
 
 
 
 
Xxxxx-Xxxxxxx Nobest
 
Xxxxxx Xxxxxx
 
[Xxxxxxxxxxx - Signature Page to Amendment Agreement]
 
 


[Page 216]
 
 
BOOKRUNNER AND MANDATED LEAD ARRANGER
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft
 
By:
/s/ Xxxxxxx Xxxxxx
 
/s/ Xxxxxxxxx Xxxxxx
 
 
 
 
 
Xxxxxxx Xxxxxx
 
Xxxxxxxxx Xxxxxx
 
 
MANDATED LEAD ARRANGERS
 
DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt am Main, NEW YORK BRANCH
 
By:
/s/ Xxxxxx Xxxxxxxxxx
 
/s/ Xxxxx Xxxxxx
 
 
 
 
 
Xxxxxx Xxxxxxxxxx
 
Xxxxx Xxxxxx
 
 
HSBC Trinkaus & Xxxxxxxxx GmbH
 
By:
/s/ Xxxx Xxxxxxx
 
/s/ Xxxxxx Xxxxxx
 
 
 
 
 
Xxxx Xxxxxxx
 
Xxxxxx Xxxxxx
 
 
 
 
 
Director
 
Director
 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) Frankfurt Branch
 
By:
/s/ Xxxxxxx Xxxxxxxxx
 
/s/ Xxxxxxxxx Xxxxxxx
 
 
 
 
 
Xxxxxxx Xxxxxxxxx
 
Xxxxxxxxx Xxxxxxx
 
 
 
 
 
Head of Corporate Banking Germany
 
Head of Client Portfolio Management Germany
 
 
Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
 
By:
/s/ Xxxxxxxx Xxxxxxx
 
/s/ Xxxxxxxx Xxxxxxxx
 
 
 
 
 
Xxxxxxxx Xxxxxxx
 
Xxxxxxxx Xxxxxxxx
 
 
 
 
 
Managing Director
 
Executive Director
 
[Xxxxxxxxxxx - Signature Page to Amendment Agreement]
 
 


[Page 217]
 
 
THE LENDERS
 
COMMERZBANK Aktiengesellschaft
 
By:
/s/ Xxxxx Xxxx
 
/s/ Xxxxx
 
 
 
 
 
Xxxxx Made
 
Xxxxx
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Director
 
 
DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt am Main, NEW YORK BRANCH
 
By:
/s/ Xxxxxx Xxxxxxxxxx
 
/s/ Xxxxx Xxxxxx
 
 
 
 
 
Xxxxxx Xxxxxxxxxx
 
Xxxxx Xxxxxx
 
 
HSBC Trinkaus & Xxxxxxxxx GmbH
 
By:
/s/ Xxxx Xxxxxxx
 
/s/ Xxxxxx Xxxxxx
 
 
 
 
 
Xxxx Xxxxxxx
 
Xxxxxx Xxxxxx
 
 
 
 
 
Director
 
Director
 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) Frankfurt Branch
 
By:
/s/ Xxxxxx Xxxxxxx
 
/s/ Xxxxxxxxx Xxxxxxx
 
 
 
 
 
Xxxxxx Xxxxxxx
 
Xxxxxxxxx Xxxxxxx
 
 
 
 
 
Head of Institutional Banking
 
Head of Client Portfolio Management Germany
 
 
Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
 
By:
/s/ Xxxxxxxx Xxxxxxx
 
/s/ Xxxxxxxx Xxxxxxxx
 
 
 
 
 
Xxxxxxxx Xxxxxxx
 
Xxxxxxxx Xxxxxxxx
 
 
 
 
 
Managing Director
 
Executive Director
 
[Xxxxxxxxxxx - Signature Page to Amendment Agreement]
 
 
